   BGR

Google Home Mini caught recording everything and sending all the data to
Google

   Chris Smith
   October 11th, 2017 at 6:50 AM

   The worry with smart home speakers is that they have the built-in
   ability to record everything you say and sending that data to the
   company that makes them or to hackers that obtained access to such
   devices.

   But when the home speaker is Google’s new Home Mini, all sorts of red
   flags go up. After all, this is a company which has had to deal with a
   variety of privacy-infringing scandals in the past, and a company that
   makes money off your data.

   The good news is that Google is fixing the issue before the Google Home
   Mini ships to your door.

   Don't Miss: Amazon is still blowing out Apple Watch Series 4 models
   with massive discounts up to $130

   Introduced just last week, the Google Home Mini is available to
   preorder at the moment, and it won’t ship sooner than October 19th. But
   reviewers already have access to the speaker, which is how this serious
   bug was discovered. It was Android Police’s Artem Russakovskii who
   first noticed the issue several days after getting his review unit:

     Several days passed without me noticing anything wrong. In the
     meantime, as it turns out, the Mini was behaving very differently
     from all the other Homes and Echos in my home – it was waking up
     thousands of times a day, recording, then sending those recordings
     to Google. All of this was done quietly, with only the four lights
     on the unit I wasn’t looking at flashing on and then off.

   When he noticed the Home Mini would constantly interrupt a show he was
   watching on a TV close by, looking to answer queries that were not
   there, Russakovskii checked Google’s My Activity portal for
   Assistant-specific queries. That’s when it became clear what happened:

     I opened it up, and my jaw dropped. I saw thousands of items, each
     with a Play button and a timestamp, all attributed to the
     cryptically named com.google.android.apps.chirp/mushroom/prod and
     Assistant.

   Before you freak out, you should know that smart speakers have to send
   your voice queries to cloud servers to return responses. But that
   should only happen after you use a hot word to activate it.

   On Friday afternoon, he went on to contact Google about the matter, and
   much to his surprise, not only did Google answer the email, but they
   also sent a team over to pick up the device and examine it.

   Google identified the problem and revealed that there was a problem
   with the touch panel at the top which can be used to activate the
   Assistant by long-pressing it. Apparently, some Home Mini devices
   register phantom touches, which leads to the speaker recording every
   sound around it.

   The video below shows the faulty Google Home Mini in action and offers
   you an idea of how you can easily see if the speaker is recording
   everything: The lights turn on to tell you the speaker is active.

   Google updated the software to disable the long press functionality,
   and it’s working on a long-term fix. A help page explains the issue and
   says that preordered Google Home Minis will not be affected.

   It’s great to see Google hurry to fix the issue, but this is still a PR
   nightmare. Not only because the speaker recorded everything it could
   hear, but also because this incident indicates that Google’s hardware
   isn’t perfect, no matter what the company told us during last week’s
   press event. And we all remember how much Google insisted on the
   quality of the Home Mini’s design and materials.
   Tags: google, Google Home Mini

Trending

    1. 1
       Tech

Insider says it’s not the iPhone 11, but another new iPhone Apple’s about to
release that’ll send sales soaring
    2. 2
       Tech

Leak reveals that the Pixel 4 will be more expensive than the Pixel 3 and
even the iPhone 11
    3. 3
       Entertainment

Everything new coming to Netflix this week, and everything leaving (week of
Oct. 6)
    4. 4
       Business

Shots fired: Disney prepares to ban Netflix ads after its CEO slams Netflix
    5. 5
       Tech

I just got back from a week in Europe and couldn’t have survived without
Apple Maps

   BGR

   About • Advertise • Deals • Reviews

   Privacy Policy • Ad Choices • Privacy Preferences

   Terms Of Use • Your Privacy Rights

   ©2019 BGR Media, LLC

   PMC Entertainment

   Powered by WordPress.com VIP
   [pixel?tag=ViewContent&noscript=1]
   [tr?id=2048158068807929&ev=ViewContent&noscript=1] #BGR » Feed BGR »
   Comments Feed BGR WordPress.com prev next

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KBGHR3

   [p?c1=2&c2=6035310&c3=&c4=&c5=&c6=&c15=&cv=2.0&cj=1]

   ____________________ Submit
   [logo-header-black.png]

     * Tech
     * Entertainment
     * Deals
     * Business
     * Science
     * Lifestyle
     * About

   Previous News, page 3

   White LED Light Strip
   Deals 3 days ago

The $8 warm white LED light strips everyone loves are back in stock on Amazon

   The possibilities are endless when it comes to the awesome and
   sophisticated lighting effects you can create with LED light strips.
   Unfortunately, those possibilities becomes somewhat more limited when
   you have to pay >>

   National Taco Day 2019
   Lifestyle 3 days ago

National Taco Day 2019: Where to find all the best freebies and deals

   Did you wake up this morning with some extra spring in your step, but
   you couldn’t quite put your finger on why? Well, it’s obvious that you
   subconsciously knew today is National Taco >>

   Apple Watch Series 4 Sale
   Deals 3 days ago

Amazon is blowing out Apple Watch Series 4 models with huge discounts up to
$130

   By Maren Estrada 3 days ago

   iPhone App
   Tech 3 days ago

Russian man sues Apple, claiming that his iPhone made him gay

   By Yoni Heisler 3 days ago

   Amazon Deals
   Deals 3 days ago

Today’s best deals: $9 wireless charger, $15 Wi-Fi extender, $5 Apple Watch
bands, $7 Alexa smart plugs, more

   By Maren Estrada 3 days ago

Tech

   iPhone 11 Sales

Insider says it’s not the iPhone 11, but another new iPhone Apple’s about to
release that’ll send sales soaring

   By Chris Smith 2 hours ago

   PS5 Design

An insider just confirmed that this leaked PS5 design is real

   By Chris Smith 5 days ago

   iPhone SE 2 Release Date

The world’s most accurate Apple insider just leaked iPhone SE 2 details and
release timing

   By Chris Smith 4 days ago

   AirPods 3 Release Date
   Tech 3 days ago

Leaks may have just revealed Apple’s totally new AirPods 3 design

   Even though Apple updated the AirPods earlier this year with a new H1
   chip as well as a case that can recharge wirelessly, the company is
   still rumored to release a more substantial >>

   Best Car Charger Sale On Amazon
   Deals 3 days ago

The tiniest Aukey car charger is still down to $5.94, its tiniest price ever

   At just $13, the AUKEY Flush Fit Dual-Port USB Car Charger is already
   one of the best options out there when it comes to car chargers. It so
   wonderfully tiny that you can >>

   AirPods Price Discount
   Deals 3 days ago

It’s not too late to get AirPods on Amazon at the lowest price of 2019

   By Maren Estrada 3 days ago

   iOS 13 Bugs
   Tech 3 days ago

Two big changes in iOS 13 are making iPhone users furious, but I’ll show you
how to fix them

   By Zach Epstein 3 days ago

Entertainment

   PlayStation Now price drop

PlayStation Now finally gets a price drop, might actually be worth buying

   By Jacob Siegal October 1st at 6:44 PM

   Avengers 5 Release Date

The Avengers team might be totally different by the time ‘Avengers 5’
premieres

   By Chris Smith 4 days ago

   Netflix October 2019 Releases List

Netflix is releasing 67 new original movies and shows in October 2019 –
here’s the complete list

   By Zach Epstein October 1st at 10:12 AM

   Alexa Smart Plug
   Deals 3 days ago

Best-selling Alexa and Google enabled smart plugs are only $7 each today

   It’s been a while since we’ve come across a deal on smart plugs worth
   covering, but that drought ended today. Teckin Mini Smart Outlets are
   the best-selling smart plugs on Amazon’s entire site >>

   Pixel 4 Leaks
   Tech 3 days ago

Brand new leak confirms all the best new features coming to the Pixel 4 and
Pixel 4 XL

   We’re one day closer to the October 15th Pixel 4 launch, but that
   doesn’t mean the leaks have stopped coming in. It’s the opposite,
   actually, as more and more Pixel 4 reports come >>

   iPhone 11 Sales
   Tech 3 days ago

iPhone 11 is selling so well that Apple is ramping up production

   By Chris Smith 3 days ago

   vaccine protest
   Science 3 days ago

Insane anti-vaxxer threw blood at California lawmakers over vaccination
exemptions

   By Mike Wehner 3 days ago

Deals

   Amazon Deals

10 deals you don’t want to miss on Saturday: $7 Alexa smart plugs, $15 Wi-Fi
extender, $125 Dyson killer, more

   By Maren Estrada 2 days ago

   Best Truly Wireless Earbuds

The best true wireless earbuds we’ve ever heard cost $300, but they’re only
$180 if you hurry

   By Maren Estrada 22 hours ago

   Best Free iPhone Apps

6 paid iPhone apps that are free to download on October 4th

   By Zach Epstein 3 days ago

   Avengers: Endgame
   Entertainment 3 days ago

Disney wants a Best Picture Oscar for ‘Avengers: Endgame,’ and that’s not all

   “I know I said no more surprises, but I gotta say, I was really hoping
   to pull off one last one…” That is, of course, one of Robert Downey
   Jr.’s memorable lines as >>

   Windows 10X vs. Windows 10
   Tech 3 days ago

Microsoft isn’t the only company making dual-screen Windows laptops

   Microsoft announced two dual-screen devices during its press event
   earlier this week: the Surface Neo and the Surface Duo. The bigger
   device will be powered by Windows 10X, while the smaller one runs >>

   Stream From Laptop To TV
   Deals 4 days ago

Cord cutter’s dream: Stream Full HD video wirelessly to your TV from any
device

   By Maren Estrada 4 days ago

   iss astronauts
   Science 4 days ago

Trio of space station travelers safely arrive back on Earth

   By Mike Wehner 4 days ago

   iPhone 11
   Tech 4 days ago

iPhone 11 with Deep Fusion trounces Galaxy Note 10+ in photo shootout

   By Yoni Heisler 4 days ago

     * [left-pagination-arrow.svg]
     * 1
     * 2
     * 3
     * 4
     * 5
     * …
     * [right-pagination-arrow.svg]

     * Advertise
     * About
     * Contact

     * [facebook-white.svg]
     * [twitter-white.svg]
     * [feed-white.svg]

     * [pmc.svg]
     * [hollywood-life.svg]
     * [deadline.svg]
     * [variety.svg]
     * [tvline.svg]
     * [wwd.svg]
     * [fn.svg]

   Copyright 2019 BGR Media, LLC

   PMC Entertainment
   Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights |
   Ad Choices | Privacy Preferences | Terms Of Use

   Quantcast

   [track?host=bgr.com&#038;path=%2Fpage%2F3%2F&#038;ct=home&#038;lob=bgr&
   #038;loc=fr&#038;env=desktop]


   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   ____________________________________________________________
   Post to
   Cancel Reblog Post
   BGR

Woman falls into ‘semi-coma’ after using mercury-tainted face cream

   Mike Wehner
   September 11th, 2019 at 11:21 PM

   A woman from Sacramento is now in what is being described as a
   “semi-comatose state” after experiencing a severe reaction to skin
   cream that was tainted with mercury. The product, which was reportedly
   imported from Mexico, was apparently contaminated at some point during
   the distribution process.

   The use of the cream, which is branded as Pond’s, resulted in
   methylmercury poisoning, which is incredibly serious and potentially
   life-threatening. Sacramento County issued a warning, noting that the
   cream traveled “through an informal network” before it was purchased,
   making it difficult to determine where and when it was tainted with
   mercury, and complicating the search for similar dangerous products.

   Don't Miss: Amazon is still blowing out Apple Watch Series 4 models
   with massive discounts up to $130

   In the bulletin, county officials blame “a third party” with the
   contamination, urging anyone who may have purchased similar products
   through unofficial channels to exercise extreme caution.

   “Sacramento County Public Health urges the community to immediately
   stop using similar skin creams imported from Mexico due to the risk of
   contamination with methylmercury,” Sacramento County Public Health
   Officer Dr. Olivia Kasirye said in a statement. “Methylmercury is
   extremely dangerous to adults and children.”

   Symptoms of methylmercury poisoning including headache, tremors,
   anxiety, and memory loss. Particularly serious cases can produce
   life-threatening symptoms and require immediate medical care.

   The bulletin also notes that this is hardly the first time a seemingly
   safe product was found to be tainted with mercury, with over 60 such
   cases confirmed over the past nine years in California alone. The
   products found to be responsible often come from other countries, but
   are sometimes also homemade or unlabeled and sold through unofficial
   supply channels.
   Image Source: California Department of Public Health
   Tags: California, Mercury, poisoning, ponds

Trending

    1. 1
       Tech

Insider says it’s not the iPhone 11, but another new iPhone Apple’s about to
release that’ll send sales soaring
    2. 2
       Tech

Leak reveals that the Pixel 4 will be more expensive than the Pixel 3 and
even the iPhone 11
    3. 3
       Entertainment

Everything new coming to Netflix this week, and everything leaving (week of
Oct. 6)
    4. 4
       Business

Shots fired: Disney prepares to ban Netflix ads after its CEO slams Netflix
    5. 5
       Tech

I just got back from a week in Europe and couldn’t have survived without
Apple Maps

   BGR

   About • Advertise • Deals • Reviews

   Privacy Policy • Ad Choices • Privacy Preferences

   Terms Of Use • Your Privacy Rights

   ©2019 BGR Media, LLC

   PMC Entertainment

   Powered by WordPress.com VIP
