   #next Patternbank » Feed Patternbank » Comments Feed

     * « SHOP 60K+ DESIGNS @ PATTERNBANK STUDIO

   ____________________

   Patternbank

Première Vision Autumn/Winter 20/21 Print & Pattern Trend Report

   By Patternbank On October 1, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

The Patternbank team travelled to Paris this September to absorb and
experience Première Vision’s Autumn/Winter 20/21 show. Along with thousands
of industry professionals, designers and students flocking to Parc d’
Expositions, the team joined the throng to gather and record the print and
pattern trend forecasts for Fall20/21.

   Explore the Full Trend Report

Puzzling Geometry | Tidy Flowers | Tinted Blooms | Toxic Mixtures | Exotic
Vegetation | New Abstract | Night-time Tropics | Obscured Nature

New Abstract

PAINTED TERRAZZO PATTERN / PAINTED ANIMAL PATTERN / SCRIBBLED ABSTRACT SHAPES
/ BRUSHED MARKS / DRAWN SKIN MIXES / ABSTRACT SPOTS / BLOTCHY LEOPARD PRINT

Night-time Tropics

DARK WOODLAND / MIDNIGHT JUNGLE / FLORAL COLOUR POPS / DARK TROPICS /
WOODLAND FLORA / JARRING COLOUR CLASHES / SKETCHED NATURE / ABSTRACT PHOTO
EFFECTS

Exotic Vegetation

INDONESIAN BATIK / SMALL SCALE INDIENNE PRINTS / AFRICAN WAX PATTERNS /
ARTISTIC LEAVES / BOLD GRAPHIC FOLIAGE / VIBRANT ETHNIC ABSTRACTS / LARGE
SCALE PAINTED PAISLEY / PSYCHEDELIC ETHNIC PRINTS

   Explore the Full Trend Report
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Tudor Times

   By Patternbank On September 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Rich floral decoration intwined with ornate letterings and stylised forest
patterns bring a new somber mood for Autumn/Winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

London Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New London SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights on the studio.
   Updates include Erdem, Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan, Victoria
   Beckham, Temperley London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn & Preen by
   Thornton Bregazzi. Visit patternbank.com for the full report.

Erdem

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Preen by Thornton Bregazzi

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ports 1961

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   EXPLORE ALL LFW HIGHLIGHTS
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New NYFW SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights now live. Updates
   include Anna Sui, Carolina Herrera, Coach 1941 & Oscar De La Renta.
   Visit patternbank.com to review our latest top print & pattern
   collections from New York Fashion Week SS20.

Carolina Herrera

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Oscar De La Renta

     *
     *
     *
     *

Anna Sui

     *
     *
     *
     *

Check out all the latest runway SS20 Print & Pattern highlights here!

     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Jungle Warrior

   By Patternbank On September 10, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Jungle camouflage covers in rich tonal colours bring a tropical vibe for this
Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged flower heads and textured leaf patterns
play alongside more formal layouts.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Spring/Summer 2020 Catwalk Print & Pattern Highlights

   By Patternbank On September 9, 2019 · In Catwalks

   Check out our New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern highlights on the
   studio. Key SS20 print shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla Johnson,
   Prabal Gurung, Nicole Miller & Staud. More added daily! Our catwalk
   team will be curating the strongest Print & Pattern runway shows. Check
   the Patternbank regularly for the latest show updates. New York Fashion
   Week Highlights

Tory Burch

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ulla Johnson

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Nicole Miller

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   View all Print & Pattern SS20 Highlights from NYFW Here!
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Organised Florals

   By Patternbank On August 20, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Sophisticated floral layouts and organised border patterns reminiscent
of formal garden symmetry are the inspiration behind this Autumn/Winter 20/21
print trend.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ORGANISED BORDER PATTERNS / FLORAL AND GEOMETRIC COMBINATIONS / FORMAL GARDEN
LAYOUTS / TRADITIONAL FLORAL MOTIFS / SHAPE REPETITION / RANGOLI FLOWER
PATTERNS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Future Sci-Fi

   By Patternbank On July 30, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Futuristic shapes and textures in bold colour combinations are the new
abstract trend for autumn/winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ROCK FORMATIONS / CRYSTAL STONES / GEOMETRIC MIRROR PATTERNS / FUTURISTIC
SURFACES / TRANSPARENT FORMS / SPARKLING DIAMONDS / DIGITAL COLLAGE

HOLOGRAPHIC PATTERN / SCENTIFIC SPACE / GEOMETRIC FRAGMENTS / JEWELLED
KALEIDOSCOPE / CRYSTAL FORMATIONS / 3DIMENTION / PASTEL NEONS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Print and Pattern Highlights from Haute Couture Fall 2019

   By Patternbank On July 12, 2019 · In Catwalks

   The Patternbank team have selected some hot picks from Fall 2019 Haute
   Couture runway shows. Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall
   2019 here.
   Viktor & Rolf Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Guo Pei’s theatrical array of eclectic costumes ranged from Renaissance
   style gowns to corseted Kimonos and from grand ecclesiastical robes to
   wide Marie Antoinette style Pannier skirts. This collection was
   cleverly connected with a neutral colour palette and were all adorned
   with intricate embellishments and structural embroideries. In stark
   contrast, colour and crafty texture were key ingredients in Viktor &
   Rolf’s Couture collection. Densely felted fabrics and patched vintage
   remnants depicted scenes and sunrises and pictorial embellished skirts
   came complete with embroidery hoops.
   Guo Pei Haute Couture Fall 2019Fendi Haute Couture Fall 2019Valentino
   Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall 2019 here.
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Horse & Hound

   By Patternbank On July 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts
   See by Chloe Fall 19 / Victoria Beckham Resort 20

This Autumn Winter 20/21 trend is a quirky play with all things equestrian
and our love of man’s best friend. Illustrative horse and dog motifs adorn
spacial conversational prints along side scenic paintings and sketched
monochromatic images.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   Stella McCartney Resort 2020 / Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood
   SS19

SPACIAL CONVERSATIONAL / HORSE & HOUND MOTIFS / SILHOUETTE PATTERN /
MONOCHROME SKETCHES / GALLOPING HORSES / SCENIC PLACEMENTS / QUIRKY DOG
PRINTS / DETAILED PAINTINGS / ILLUSTRATIVE PLACEMENTS

   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood SS19 / Alejandra Alonso Rojas
   Fall 2019Burberry London Pre Fall19
   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Summer Sale 2019 / 20% OFF / 8–14 July 2019

   By Patternbank On July 8, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   Our 2019 Summer Sale is on until 14 July with a 20% saving on
   everything on our site. This includes all Standard, Extended and
   Premium Designs. Use code SUMMER19 at checkout.

   Don’t forget to check out our new Trends area on the site for fresh
   ideas on trends and prints for the new season. Below are a selection of
   trends for Spring/Summer 2020 – view the trends for free in more detail
   here.

   Featured Design: Tropical Pattern on Dark Background With Palm Leaves
   Filled With Tropical Hibiscus Flowers by SUPERNOVA
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New Designers Week 1 – Textile & Surface Pattern Graduate Highlights 2019

   By Patternbank On July 4, 2019 · In Featured, Print + Pattern

Patternbank brings you a snapshot of the strongest print designers seen at
the recent  New Designers Graduate show.

The Patternbank team once again had the privilege of experiencing this years
emerging talent at the New Designers Graduate show.  New Designers is the
UK’s most important graduate design exhibition, full of innovation and fresh
thinking. Week 1 of the graduate show focused on Textiles and surface pattern
design courses and was the ultimate event to spot the next wave of creative
talent to hit the industry. New Designers Week 2 is showing until this Sunday
if you are in London.

Lousie Powers – @lousurfacepattern

   © 2019 Louise Powers© 2019 Louise Powers

Leeds Art University
     __________________________________________________________________

Amber Sorayapour – @ambersorayapour

   © 2019 Amber SorayapourMore →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – New Romantics

   By Patternbank On June 26, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Translucent coloured florals with a romantic touch are key to this trend.
Faded vintage rose prints and ice cool colours give a fresh new look.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

VINTAGE ROSE / TRANSLUCENT COLOUR / FADED PINKS / PASTEL FLORALS / DIGITAL
AND WATERCOLOURS MIXES / SPACED LAYOUTS / MODERN ROMANCE / LAYERED TEXTURE /
GREYED BACKGROUNDS

DUSKY REFLECTIONS / AGED PRINTS / DELICATE LAYERS / VINTAGE FLORAL
ARRANGEMENTS / HAND PAINTED FLORALS / ICE COOL PALETTE / PRETTY ROMANTIC

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Swimwear Micro Print & Pattern Trends – Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On June 4, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Explore five Swimwear focused print and pattern trends for Spring/Summer
2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES

Skin Deep

Animal prints and skins are a key direction for swimwear this Season. Here,
bold mixes of abstract skins and vibrant markings drive this summer trend.
     __________________________________________________________________

Tropical Brush

Tropical flowers and leaves are applied using arty brush paints to this
swimwear trend. Abstract marks and fast brush movements are drawn in vivid
colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

Retro Bloom

Drawing inspiration from the 60s & 70s florals used in vintage sun-loungers.
In this trend florals get a modern revamp with varied scale and an injection
of retro colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     __________________________________________________________________

Birds of a Feather

Feathered plumes in exotic colours are placed for maximum interest in this
dynamic summer trend. A psychedelic twist adds dimension and detailed
interest.
     __________________________________________________________________

On Safari

Safari themed prints and African wax jungle themes are key in this swimwear
trend for Spring / Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Bird Life

   By Patternbank On May 22, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Spring/Summer 2020 is full of tropical gardens where exotic birds display
their brightly coloured plumes amongst the dense foliage.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

EXOTIC BIRDLIFE / PARROTS, COCKATOOS, TOUCANS, FLAMINGOES AND HUMMING BIRDS /
TROPICAL BACKGROUNDS / VIBRANT PLUMES / INTENSE COLOUR / JUNGLE LEAVES /
TROPICAL FLOWERS / HAND PAINTED / WATERCOLOUR BIRDS

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Solid Graffiti

   By Patternbank On May 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Taking inspiration from the world of graffiti, Spring/Summer 2020 takes on a
solid graphic feel in this bold, vibrant print trend.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

GRAPHIC FLOWER / SPRAY PAINT EFFECTS / SOLID COLOUR / BOLD OUTLINE / GRAFFITI
SCRAWLS / CRAYON DRAWINGS / PAINT DRIPS / SPLASHY MARKS / GRAFFITI LETTERS /
BOLD GRAPHICS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Fruity

   By Patternbank On May 2, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Colourful fruity mixtures and fruit segments create fun tropical prints for
Spring/Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

JUICY FRUITS / CHERRIES, STRAWBERRIES, POMEGRANATES, ORANGES, LEMONS,
AVOCADOS, MANGOES, PEACHES & KIWI FRUITS / FRUIT SEGMENTS / SCATTERED REPEATS
/ SUMMER EXOTICS

COLOURFUL ARRANGEMENTS / FRUITY MIXTURES / ZESTY FRUIT PLAYS / FRUIT SALAD /
FRUIT TREES / SMALL SCALE PATTERN / VIBRANT TROPICAL FRUITS / INTERNAL FRUIT
STRUCTURES

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – African Clash

   By Patternbank On April 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Stylised florals and bold African patterns clash in bright colour combos for
this vibrant Spring/Summer 2020 story.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

BOLD TROPICAL FLORAL / COMPLEX GEO / VIBRANT FOLIAGE / AFRICAN SUMMER GEOS /
CLASHING PATTERN / COLOURFUL STRIPE PATTERNS

STYLISED ETHNIC / DIAMOND AND ZIG-ZAG STRIPES / CHAOTIC GEOMETRY / VIBRANT
AFRICAN PRINTS / STYLISED AFRICAN FLOWERS / AFRICAN GEO TROPICALS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Orient Express

   By Patternbank On April 16, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Spring/Summer 2020 heads east, exotic birds adorn blossom prints and mystical
dragons decorate beautiful fabrics.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

EXOTIC BIRD PRINTS / DECORATIVE FLORALS / ELABORATE FLOWER HEADS / TREE
BLOSSOM / DELICATE PEONIES / DRAGON TATTOO PRINTS / ORCHIDS / STYLISED FLOWER
PATTERNS

TREE AND BRANCH PLACEMENT PRINTS / ELABORATE BORDERS / DARK GROUNDS /
TRAILING FLORALS / CHINOISERIE / KIMONO STYLES / CHINESE ORNAMENT / ORIENTAL
SCENES

Shop The Trend Story

   EXPLORE MORE SPRING/SUMMER 2020 TRENDS
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Christian Dior at the V&A Museum – Designer of Dreams

   By Patternbank On April 5, 2019 · In Inspiration
     *

   Whether the opulent gowns of Christian Dior are you usual cup of tea or
   not, if you have a passion for fashion or just a love of textiles, you
   will be wowed by the V&A‘s current exhibition. If you’re lucky enough
   to snatch a ticket that is! Currently sold out, with only a handful of
   “first come first served” tickets available on the day, the
   exhibition’s popularity has lead to an extension until 1st September.
   If that’s all too much like hard work, we’ve taken a few shots for you
   to enjoy!
     *
     *

     *

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

   1 of 6123456Next →

     *
     * Instagram post 2145855722662343908_40142918 Paris Fashion week SS20
       has come to a close, so check out our print & pattern highlights on
       the studio. Link in Bio or visit Patternbank.com All SS20 fashion
       weeks covered so loads of beautiful pattern focused collections to
       view. #parisfashionweek #ss2020 #rtw #springsummer2020 #pfw
       #patternbank #patterndesign #textiles #textilestudio
       #surfacespatterns Paris Fashion week SS20 has come to a close, so
       check out our print & pattern highlights on the studio. Link in Bio
       or visit Patternbank.com All SS20 fashion weeks covered so loads of
       beautiful pattern focused collections to view. #parisfashionweek
       #ss2020 #rtw #springsummer2020 #pfw #patternbank #patterndesign
       #textiles #textilestudio #surfacespatterns
       Instagram post 2141366958229113045_40142918 Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio
       Instagram post 2141429802778091969_40142918 Our Paris SS20 Catwalk
       Print and Pattern Highlights are live on the studio. Highlights
       include Dries Van Notens saturated florals with bold animal mixes,
       Christian Diors wild meadow embroideries and placement prints and
       Saint Laurents opulent floral and paisley romantic dresses. Check
       out the link in bio for the complete catwalk coverage or visit
       patternbank.com #ss20 #paris #catwalk #runway #fashion #womenswear
       Our Paris SS20 Catwalk Print and Pattern Highlights are live on the
       studio. Highlights include Dries Van Notens saturated florals with
       bold animal mixes, Christian Diors wild meadow embroideries and
       placement prints and Saint Laurents opulent floral and paisley
       romantic dresses. Check out the link in bio for the complete
       catwalk coverage or visit patternbank.com #ss20 #paris #catwalk
       #runway #fashion #womenswear
       Instagram post 2130496931112538970_40142918 New Autumn/Winter
       2020/21 Print Trend ’Jungle Warrior’ is now live on our site. Check
       the link in our bio. Jungle camouflage covers in rich tonal colours
       bring a tropical vibe for this Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged
       flower heads and textured leaf patterns play alongside more formal
       layouts. Shop the prints on the Patternbank studio! #pattern
       #patterntrends #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #20/21 #textiledesign
       #surfacepattern #falltrends2020 #activewear #tropical #jungleprints
       #2021 #patternbank New Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print Trend ’Jungle
       Warrior’ is now live on our site. Check the link in our bio. Jungle
       camouflage covers in rich tonal colours bring a tropical vibe for
       this Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged flower heads and textured
       leaf patterns play alongside more formal layouts. Shop the prints
       on the Patternbank studio! #pattern #patterntrends
       #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #20/21 #textiledesign #surfacepattern
       #falltrends2020 #activewear #tropical #jungleprints #2021
       #patternbank
       Instagram post 2120352350454757909_40142918 Laces, chintz,
       tropicals, find your perfect pattern for the season at Artifactory
       Studios. Exclusively available on our @patternbank shop, link in
       bio. . . . #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #chintz #laceprint #pastelprints #printtrends
       #wgsn #printsforsale #premiumprints #newonpatternbank #patternbank
       #ss20 #graphicdesign #floralprints #vintageprints #vintageprints
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #patternobserver #seasonal
       #limitededition #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #Repost @artifactorystudios Laces, chintz,
       tropicals, find your perfect pattern for the season at Artifactory
       Studios. Exclusively available on our @patternbank shop, link in
       bio. . . . #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #chintz #laceprint #pastelprints #printtrends
       #wgsn #printsforsale #premiumprints #newonpatternbank #patternbank
       #ss20 #graphicdesign #floralprints #vintageprints #vintageprints
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #patternobserver #seasonal
       #limitededition #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #Repost @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2141364104206811045_40142918 Shop Teti Kartasheva’s
       amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ New on
       @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern #printinspiration
       #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator  #wallpaperdecor
       #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank  #illustrationoftheday
       #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators #illustrationartist
       #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign #illustrationnow
       #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator #textiledesign
       #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco #illustratorcc
       #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost @kartasheva_illustration
       Shop Teti Kartasheva’s amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in
       bio ・・・ New on @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern
       #printinspiration #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator
       #wallpaperdecor #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank
       #illustrationoftheday #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators
       #illustrationartist #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign
       #illustrationnow #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator
       #textiledesign #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco
       #illustratorcc #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost
       @kartasheva_illustration
       Instagram post 2124150465247010640_40142918 Vintage Flowers by Flor
       Pinochi. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Floral Print para
       @patternbank ✨ . . . . . #print #patternlove #pattern #floralprints
       #flowerpower #colourpalette #sweetie #designstudio #printstudio
       #patternator #patternbankdesigner #patternbank #patternity
       #patternobserver #illustrations #floralillustration #patternaday
       #patternoftheday #patterdesignersclub #Repost @flor.pinochi.prints
       Vintage Flowers by Flor Pinochi. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio
       ・・・ Floral Print para @patternbank ✨ . . . . . #print #patternlove
       #pattern #floralprints #flowerpower #colourpalette #sweetie
       #designstudio #printstudio #patternator #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank #patternity #patternobserver #illustrations
       #floralillustration #patternaday #patternoftheday
       #patterdesignersclub #Repost @flor.pinochi.prints
       Instagram post 2124876745525348365_40142918 Coral Watercolour
       Butterflies by Kashmira Baheti. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・
       Flowers and butterflies-Nature’s best creations! Enjoyed relaxed
       painting 😊 #floralprint #butterflyprint #butterflies
       #artforartssake #freelancedesigner #artistsoninstagram
       #patterndesign #surfacedesign #designstudio #coralcolor
       #watercolourpainting #surfacepatterndesign #patternbank #Repost
       @kashmirabaheti Coral Watercolour Butterflies by Kashmira Baheti.
       Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Flowers and
       butterflies-Nature’s best creations! Enjoyed relaxed painting 😊
       #floralprint #butterflyprint #butterflies #artforartssake
       #freelancedesigner #artistsoninstagram #patterndesign
       #surfacedesign #designstudio #coralcolor #watercolourpainting
       #surfacepatterndesign #patternbank #Repost @kashmirabaheti
       Instagram post 2136331270580739217_40142918 Discover Artifactory
       Studios beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . Still in
       conversation with these details! Cant wait to start editing these
       for our print shop! Link in bio! . . . . #patternbank #comingsoon
       #printdesigner #patternobserver #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner
       #printsforsale #watercolors #printmaking #gouache #textiledesign
       #textileprints #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints
       #graphicdesign #floralprints #botanicalillustration #wgsn
       #printtrends #handpainted #illustration #artistsoninstagram
       #artwork #handmadewithlove #springsummer2020 #autumnwinter2020
       #promostyle #freshflorals #wallpapertrends @artifactorystudios
       Discover Artifactory Studios beautiful prints @patternbank → Link
       in bio . Still in conversation with these details! Cant wait to
       start editing these for our print shop! Link in bio! . . . .
       #patternbank #comingsoon #printdesigner #patternobserver
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #printsforsale #watercolors
       #printmaking #gouache #textiledesign #textileprints
       #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints #graphicdesign
       #floralprints #botanicalillustration #wgsn #printtrends
       #handpainted #illustration #artistsoninstagram #artwork
       #handmadewithlove #springsummer2020 #autumnwinter2020 #promostyle
       #freshflorals #wallpapertrends @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2125564587465477206_40142918 Pumpkin Salad by
       Alejandra Zapata. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . My Pumpkin
       Salad pattern is #newonpatternbank and it's available in different
       license options! Perfect for Autumn prints! You'll find the link to
       #patternbankstudio in my bio 😊👆🏻Hope you all started September
       really good! #patterndesign #surfacedesign #pumpkinsalad
       #pumpkinpattern #newpattern #surfacepatterndesign
       #surfacepatterndesigner #prints #texturepattern #autumncolors
       #pumpkins #orangepattern #patternbank • @myloshome Pumpkin Salad by
       Alejandra Zapata. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . My Pumpkin
       Salad pattern is #newonpatternbank and it's available in different
       license options! Perfect for Autumn prints! You'll find the link to
       #patternbankstudio in my bio 😊👆🏻Hope you all started September
       really good! #patterndesign #surfacedesign #pumpkinsalad
       #pumpkinpattern #newpattern #surfacepatterndesign
       #surfacepatterndesigner #prints #texturepattern #autumncolors
       #pumpkins #orangepattern #patternbank • @myloshome
       Instagram post 2126238490240174316_40142918 Banana by Nadya
       Vorobyova. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Watercolor pattern
       #vorobyovanadya @nadejda_vorobyova Banana by Nadya Vorobyova. Shop
       @patternbank → Link in bio . Watercolor pattern #vorobyovanadya
       @nadejda_vorobyova
       Instagram post 2129054621065727250_40142918 Orchid Bloom | Lilac
       Pink | Activewear by Lotta Lorier. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio
       . Now that summer is coming to an end I must do something with ALL
       those photos of flowers I took like this Orchid Bloom print that’s
       available at Patternbank.. don’t you just love this cute little
       mock-up 💕.. #floralprint #orchidprint #textileprint #tropical
       #botanicalprint #textiledesign #womenswear #patternbank •
       @lottalorier Orchid Bloom | Lilac Pink | Activewear by Lotta
       Lorier. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Now that summer is coming
       to an end I must do something with ALL those photos of flowers I
       took like this Orchid Bloom print that’s available at Patternbank..
       don’t you just love this cute little mock-up 💕.. #floralprint
       #orchidprint #textileprint #tropical #botanicalprint #textiledesign
       #womenswear #patternbank • @lottalorier
       Instagram post 2135024248086232228_40142918 New London SS20 catwalk
       print & pattern highlights on the studio. Updates include Erdem,
       Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan, Victoria Beckham, Temperley
       London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn & Preen by Thornton
       Bregazzi. Link in bio or visit the Patternbank website. #lfw
       #londonfashionweek #springsummer2020 #rtw #catwalkshow
       #patterndesign #pattern #trends #spring2020 #preen #temperlylondon
       #richardquinn #erdem #victoriabeckham #houseofholland #ports1961
       New London SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights on the studio.
       Updates include Erdem, Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan,
       Victoria Beckham, Temperley London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn
       & Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Link in bio or visit the Patternbank
       website. #lfw #londonfashionweek #springsummer2020 #rtw
       #catwalkshow #patterndesign #pattern #trends #spring2020 #preen
       #temperlylondon #richardquinn #erdem #victoriabeckham
       #houseofholland #ports1961
       Instagram post 2129077071203637023_40142918 Discover Artifactory
       Studios’s beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . Freshly
       baked patterns from the oven! ❤ . . #comingsoon on @patternbank
       shop. . . . . . #handpainted #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #printsforsale #patternbankdesigner #indigo
       #gouache #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #fashionprints #printmaker #art #blockprint
       #handmadewithlove #pause #stopandstare #slowliving
       #qualityovereverything #watercolors #dalerrowney •
       @artifactorystudios Discover Artifactory Studios’s beautiful prints
       @patternbank → Link in bio . Freshly baked patterns from the oven!
       ❤ . . #comingsoon on @patternbank shop. . . . . . #handpainted
       #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios #artistsoninstagram
       #printsforsale #patternbankdesigner #indigo #gouache #textiledesign
       #textileprints #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints
       #printmaker #art #blockprint #handmadewithlove #pause #stopandstare
       #slowliving #qualityovereverything #watercolors #dalerrowney •
       @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2129086338283570670_40142918 Tropical by Flor
       Pinochi. Buy now @patternbank → Link in bio . Tropical Flowers 🌿
       for @patternbank . . . . . . . #pattern #surfacedesign
       #surfacepatterndesign #printstudio #print #flowers #tropicalpattern
       #tropical #design #tropicalinspiration #colourpalette #palm
       #illustration #leaves #floral #floralprints #textileprint
       #textiledesign #textilepattern #florpinochiprints
       #patterdesignersclub #patternobserver #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank • @flor.pinochi.prints Tropical by Flor Pinochi. Buy
       now @patternbank → Link in bio . Tropical Flowers 🌿 for
       @patternbank . . . . . . . #pattern #surfacedesign
       #surfacepatterndesign #printstudio #print #flowers #tropicalpattern
       #tropical #design #tropicalinspiration #colourpalette #palm
       #illustration #leaves #floral #floralprints #textileprint
       #textiledesign #textilepattern #florpinochiprints
       #patterdesignersclub #patternobserver #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank • @flor.pinochi.prints
       Instagram post 2129225292647242542_40142918 Check out our New York
       Fashion Week Print & Pattern highlights on the studio. Key
       Spring/Summer 2020 print shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla
       Johnson, Prabal Gurung, Nicole Miller & Staud. More shows added
       daily! Our catwalk team will be curating the strongest Print &
       Pattern runway shows. Link in bio #nyfw #newyorkfashionweek
       #nyfwrunway #springsummer2020 #spring2020 #runway #prints
       #patterndesign #surfacespatterns #textiledesign #newyork
       #fashionweek #trends Check out our New York Fashion Week Print &
       Pattern highlights on the studio. Key Spring/Summer 2020 print
       shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla Johnson, Prabal Gurung,
       Nicole Miller & Staud. More shows added daily! Our catwalk team
       will be curating the strongest Print & Pattern runway shows. Link
       in bio #nyfw #newyorkfashionweek #nyfwrunway #springsummer2020
       #spring2020 #runway #prints #patterndesign #surfacespatterns
       #textiledesign #newyork #fashionweek #trends
       Instagram post 2130559966149845669_40142918 Shop Vita’s beautiful
       prints @patternbank → Link in bio . 👩🏻‍🎨 Этот принт создал у меня
       рекорд по количеству цветовых решений, вышло 55 вариантов, не могла
       остановиться, это как медитация )) 🧘🏻‍♀️ и в разных случаях -
       воспринимается мной в разной стилистике, где- то это гранж с его
       эффектом потертости, где- то прослеживается подобие техники
       Джексона Поллока, где- то это неоновые эффекты .... бесконечность и
       в поиске .... ♾ #printabstract #artprint #patterndesign #surface
       #surfacedesigner #patternbankstudio #patternbank #patternforsale
       #textilpattern #printpattern #wallpaper #wallpaperdesign
       #artvitadaneva #abstracttattoodesign @vita.daneva Shop Vita’s
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . 👩🏻‍🎨 Этот принт
       создал у меня рекорд по количеству цветовых решений, вышло 55
       вариантов, не могла остановиться, это как медитация )) 🧘🏻‍♀️ и в
       разных случаях - воспринимается мной в разной стилистике, где- то
       это гранж с его эффектом потертости, где- то прослеживается подобие
       техники Джексона Поллока, где- то это неоновые эффекты ....
       бесконечность и в поиске .... ♾ #printabstract #artprint
       #patterndesign #surface #surfacedesigner #patternbankstudio
       #patternbank #patternforsale #textilpattern #printpattern
       #wallpaper #wallpaperdesign #artvitadaneva #abstracttattoodesign
       @vita.daneva
       Instagram post 2144924624193267756_40142918 We're kicking off
       October with a massive 20% off 3 day flash sale. The sale runs from
       1–3 October 2019 and includes all Standard, Extended and Premium
       Designs. Use code FLASH20 at checkout #flashsale #patternbank
       #flash20 We're kicking off October with a massive 20% off 3 day
       flash sale. The sale runs from 1–3 October 2019 and includes all
       Standard, Extended and Premium Designs. Use code FLASH20 at
       checkout #flashsale #patternbank #flash20
       Instagram post 2130622933356627659_40142918 Minute Details - Naive
       Ditsy Floral by Lucie Cooke. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio .
       Hello! I’m still here! Life has pulled priority over Instagram
       recently, hey ho. Here is a pattern I uploaded to @patternbank a
       few weeks ago, a hand drawn ditsy for the SS20 trend Minute Details
       with a pallet that would carry through to trans AW.
       #newonpatternbank #patternbank #patternbankdesigner #ss20
       #minutedetails #ss20trend #patterndesign #printandpattern
       #surfacepattern #surfacepatterndesigner #textiledesign
       #textiledesigner @luciecookedesign Minute Details - Naive Ditsy
       Floral by Lucie Cooke. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Hello! I’m
       still here! Life has pulled priority over Instagram recently, hey
       ho. Here is a pattern I uploaded to @patternbank a few weeks ago, a
       hand drawn ditsy for the SS20 trend Minute Details with a pallet
       that would carry through to trans AW. #newonpatternbank
       #patternbank #patternbankdesigner #ss20 #minutedetails #ss20trend
       #patterndesign #printandpattern #surfacepattern
       #surfacepatterndesigner #textiledesign #textiledesigner
       @luciecookedesign
       Instagram post 2130633157266189366_40142918 New NYFW SS20 catwalk
       print & pattern highlights added. Updates include Anna Sui,
       Carolina Herrera, Coach 1941 & Oscar De La Renta. Visit
       patternbank.com to review our latest top pattern collections from
       the New York Fashion Week. #springsummer2020 #newyorkfashionweek
       #newyorkfashionweek2019 #nyfw #nyfw2019 #runway #runwayshow #prints
       #patterndesign #patternbank #textiles #textiledesign #textilestudio
       #springsummer2020 #ss2020 New NYFW SS20 catwalk print & pattern
       highlights added. Updates include Anna Sui, Carolina Herrera, Coach
       1941 & Oscar De La Renta. Visit patternbank.com to review our
       latest top pattern collections from the New York Fashion Week.
       #springsummer2020 #newyorkfashionweek #newyorkfashionweek2019 #nyfw
       #nyfw2019 #runway #runwayshow #prints #patterndesign #patternbank
       #textiles #textiledesign #textilestudio #springsummer2020 #ss2020
       Follow Patternbank on Instagram
     * Close and accept
       Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use
       this website, you agree to their use.
       To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
       Cookie Policy

     * This blog claims no credit for any images posted on this site
       unless otherwise noted and are copyright to its respectful owners.
       If there is an image on this blog that belongs to you and do not
       wish for it appear on this site, please email hello@patternbank.com
       and it will be removed.
     * © 2019 Patternbank Ltd. All rights reserved
   #next Patternbank » Feed Patternbank » Comments Feed

     * « SHOP 60K+ DESIGNS @ PATTERNBANK STUDIO

   ____________________

   Patternbank

Première Vision Autumn/Winter 20/21 Print & Pattern Trend Report

   By Patternbank On October 1, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

The Patternbank team travelled to Paris this September to absorb and
experience Première Vision’s Autumn/Winter 20/21 show. Along with thousands
of industry professionals, designers and students flocking to Parc d’
Expositions, the team joined the throng to gather and record the print and
pattern trend forecasts for Fall20/21.

   Explore the Full Trend Report

Puzzling Geometry | Tidy Flowers | Tinted Blooms | Toxic Mixtures | Exotic
Vegetation | New Abstract | Night-time Tropics | Obscured Nature

New Abstract

PAINTED TERRAZZO PATTERN / PAINTED ANIMAL PATTERN / SCRIBBLED ABSTRACT SHAPES
/ BRUSHED MARKS / DRAWN SKIN MIXES / ABSTRACT SPOTS / BLOTCHY LEOPARD PRINT

Night-time Tropics

DARK WOODLAND / MIDNIGHT JUNGLE / FLORAL COLOUR POPS / DARK TROPICS /
WOODLAND FLORA / JARRING COLOUR CLASHES / SKETCHED NATURE / ABSTRACT PHOTO
EFFECTS

Exotic Vegetation

INDONESIAN BATIK / SMALL SCALE INDIENNE PRINTS / AFRICAN WAX PATTERNS /
ARTISTIC LEAVES / BOLD GRAPHIC FOLIAGE / VIBRANT ETHNIC ABSTRACTS / LARGE
SCALE PAINTED PAISLEY / PSYCHEDELIC ETHNIC PRINTS

   Explore the Full Trend Report
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Tudor Times

   By Patternbank On September 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Rich floral decoration intwined with ornate letterings and stylised forest
patterns bring a new somber mood for Autumn/Winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

London Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New London SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights on the studio.
   Updates include Erdem, Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan, Victoria
   Beckham, Temperley London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn & Preen by
   Thornton Bregazzi. Visit patternbank.com for the full report.

Erdem

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Preen by Thornton Bregazzi

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ports 1961

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   EXPLORE ALL LFW HIGHLIGHTS
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New NYFW SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights now live. Updates
   include Anna Sui, Carolina Herrera, Coach 1941 & Oscar De La Renta.
   Visit patternbank.com to review our latest top print & pattern
   collections from New York Fashion Week SS20.

Carolina Herrera

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Oscar De La Renta

     *
     *
     *
     *

Anna Sui

     *
     *
     *
     *

Check out all the latest runway SS20 Print & Pattern highlights here!

     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Jungle Warrior

   By Patternbank On September 10, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Jungle camouflage covers in rich tonal colours bring a tropical vibe for this
Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged flower heads and textured leaf patterns
play alongside more formal layouts.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Spring/Summer 2020 Catwalk Print & Pattern Highlights

   By Patternbank On September 9, 2019 · In Catwalks

   Check out our New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern highlights on the
   studio. Key SS20 print shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla Johnson,
   Prabal Gurung, Nicole Miller & Staud. More added daily! Our catwalk
   team will be curating the strongest Print & Pattern runway shows. Check
   the Patternbank regularly for the latest show updates. New York Fashion
   Week Highlights

Tory Burch

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ulla Johnson

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Nicole Miller

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   View all Print & Pattern SS20 Highlights from NYFW Here!
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Organised Florals

   By Patternbank On August 20, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Sophisticated floral layouts and organised border patterns reminiscent
of formal garden symmetry are the inspiration behind this Autumn/Winter 20/21
print trend.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ORGANISED BORDER PATTERNS / FLORAL AND GEOMETRIC COMBINATIONS / FORMAL GARDEN
LAYOUTS / TRADITIONAL FLORAL MOTIFS / SHAPE REPETITION / RANGOLI FLOWER
PATTERNS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Future Sci-Fi

   By Patternbank On July 30, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Futuristic shapes and textures in bold colour combinations are the new
abstract trend for autumn/winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ROCK FORMATIONS / CRYSTAL STONES / GEOMETRIC MIRROR PATTERNS / FUTURISTIC
SURFACES / TRANSPARENT FORMS / SPARKLING DIAMONDS / DIGITAL COLLAGE

HOLOGRAPHIC PATTERN / SCENTIFIC SPACE / GEOMETRIC FRAGMENTS / JEWELLED
KALEIDOSCOPE / CRYSTAL FORMATIONS / 3DIMENTION / PASTEL NEONS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Print and Pattern Highlights from Haute Couture Fall 2019

   By Patternbank On July 12, 2019 · In Catwalks

   The Patternbank team have selected some hot picks from Fall 2019 Haute
   Couture runway shows. Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall
   2019 here.
   Viktor & Rolf Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Guo Pei’s theatrical array of eclectic costumes ranged from Renaissance
   style gowns to corseted Kimonos and from grand ecclesiastical robes to
   wide Marie Antoinette style Pannier skirts. This collection was
   cleverly connected with a neutral colour palette and were all adorned
   with intricate embellishments and structural embroideries. In stark
   contrast, colour and crafty texture were key ingredients in Viktor &
   Rolf’s Couture collection. Densely felted fabrics and patched vintage
   remnants depicted scenes and sunrises and pictorial embellished skirts
   came complete with embroidery hoops.
   Guo Pei Haute Couture Fall 2019Fendi Haute Couture Fall 2019Valentino
   Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall 2019 here.
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Horse & Hound

   By Patternbank On July 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts
   See by Chloe Fall 19 / Victoria Beckham Resort 20

This Autumn Winter 20/21 trend is a quirky play with all things equestrian
and our love of man’s best friend. Illustrative horse and dog motifs adorn
spacial conversational prints along side scenic paintings and sketched
monochromatic images.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   Stella McCartney Resort 2020 / Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood
   SS19

SPACIAL CONVERSATIONAL / HORSE & HOUND MOTIFS / SILHOUETTE PATTERN /
MONOCHROME SKETCHES / GALLOPING HORSES / SCENIC PLACEMENTS / QUIRKY DOG
PRINTS / DETAILED PAINTINGS / ILLUSTRATIVE PLACEMENTS

   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood SS19 / Alejandra Alonso Rojas
   Fall 2019Burberry London Pre Fall19
   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Summer Sale 2019 / 20% OFF / 8–14 July 2019

   By Patternbank On July 8, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   Our 2019 Summer Sale is on until 14 July with a 20% saving on
   everything on our site. This includes all Standard, Extended and
   Premium Designs. Use code SUMMER19 at checkout.

   Don’t forget to check out our new Trends area on the site for fresh
   ideas on trends and prints for the new season. Below are a selection of
   trends for Spring/Summer 2020 – view the trends for free in more detail
   here.

   Featured Design: Tropical Pattern on Dark Background With Palm Leaves
   Filled With Tropical Hibiscus Flowers by SUPERNOVA
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New Designers Week 1 – Textile & Surface Pattern Graduate Highlights 2019

   By Patternbank On July 4, 2019 · In Featured, Print + Pattern

Patternbank brings you a snapshot of the strongest print designers seen at
the recent  New Designers Graduate show.

The Patternbank team once again had the privilege of experiencing this years
emerging talent at the New Designers Graduate show.  New Designers is the
UK’s most important graduate design exhibition, full of innovation and fresh
thinking. Week 1 of the graduate show focused on Textiles and surface pattern
design courses and was the ultimate event to spot the next wave of creative
talent to hit the industry. New Designers Week 2 is showing until this Sunday
if you are in London.

Lousie Powers – @lousurfacepattern

   © 2019 Louise Powers© 2019 Louise Powers

Leeds Art University
     __________________________________________________________________

Amber Sorayapour – @ambersorayapour

   © 2019 Amber SorayapourMore →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – New Romantics

   By Patternbank On June 26, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Translucent coloured florals with a romantic touch are key to this trend.
Faded vintage rose prints and ice cool colours give a fresh new look.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

VINTAGE ROSE / TRANSLUCENT COLOUR / FADED PINKS / PASTEL FLORALS / DIGITAL
AND WATERCOLOURS MIXES / SPACED LAYOUTS / MODERN ROMANCE / LAYERED TEXTURE /
GREYED BACKGROUNDS

DUSKY REFLECTIONS / AGED PRINTS / DELICATE LAYERS / VINTAGE FLORAL
ARRANGEMENTS / HAND PAINTED FLORALS / ICE COOL PALETTE / PRETTY ROMANTIC

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Swimwear Micro Print & Pattern Trends – Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On June 4, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Explore five Swimwear focused print and pattern trends for Spring/Summer
2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES

Skin Deep

Animal prints and skins are a key direction for swimwear this Season. Here,
bold mixes of abstract skins and vibrant markings drive this summer trend.
     __________________________________________________________________

Tropical Brush

Tropical flowers and leaves are applied using arty brush paints to this
swimwear trend. Abstract marks and fast brush movements are drawn in vivid
colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

Retro Bloom

Drawing inspiration from the 60s & 70s florals used in vintage sun-loungers.
In this trend florals get a modern revamp with varied scale and an injection
of retro colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     __________________________________________________________________

Birds of a Feather

Feathered plumes in exotic colours are placed for maximum interest in this
dynamic summer trend. A psychedelic twist adds dimension and detailed
interest.
     __________________________________________________________________

On Safari

Safari themed prints and African wax jungle themes are key in this swimwear
trend for Spring / Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Bird Life

   By Patternbank On May 22, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Spring/Summer 2020 is full of tropical gardens where exotic birds display
their brightly coloured plumes amongst the dense foliage.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

EXOTIC BIRDLIFE / PARROTS, COCKATOOS, TOUCANS, FLAMINGOES AND HUMMING BIRDS /
TROPICAL BACKGROUNDS / VIBRANT PLUMES / INTENSE COLOUR / JUNGLE LEAVES /
TROPICAL FLOWERS / HAND PAINTED / WATERCOLOUR BIRDS

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Solid Graffiti

   By Patternbank On May 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Taking inspiration from the world of graffiti, Spring/Summer 2020 takes on a
solid graphic feel in this bold, vibrant print trend.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

GRAPHIC FLOWER / SPRAY PAINT EFFECTS / SOLID COLOUR / BOLD OUTLINE / GRAFFITI
SCRAWLS / CRAYON DRAWINGS / PAINT DRIPS / SPLASHY MARKS / GRAFFITI LETTERS /
BOLD GRAPHICS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Fruity

   By Patternbank On May 2, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Colourful fruity mixtures and fruit segments create fun tropical prints for
Spring/Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

JUICY FRUITS / CHERRIES, STRAWBERRIES, POMEGRANATES, ORANGES, LEMONS,
AVOCADOS, MANGOES, PEACHES & KIWI FRUITS / FRUIT SEGMENTS / SCATTERED REPEATS
/ SUMMER EXOTICS

COLOURFUL ARRANGEMENTS / FRUITY MIXTURES / ZESTY FRUIT PLAYS / FRUIT SALAD /
FRUIT TREES / SMALL SCALE PATTERN / VIBRANT TROPICAL FRUITS / INTERNAL FRUIT
STRUCTURES

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – African Clash

   By Patternbank On April 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Stylised florals and bold African patterns clash in bright colour combos for
this vibrant Spring/Summer 2020 story.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

BOLD TROPICAL FLORAL / COMPLEX GEO / VIBRANT FOLIAGE / AFRICAN SUMMER GEOS /
CLASHING PATTERN / COLOURFUL STRIPE PATTERNS

STYLISED ETHNIC / DIAMOND AND ZIG-ZAG STRIPES / CHAOTIC GEOMETRY / VIBRANT
AFRICAN PRINTS / STYLISED AFRICAN FLOWERS / AFRICAN GEO TROPICALS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Orient Express

   By Patternbank On April 16, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Spring/Summer 2020 heads east, exotic birds adorn blossom prints and mystical
dragons decorate beautiful fabrics.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

EXOTIC BIRD PRINTS / DECORATIVE FLORALS / ELABORATE FLOWER HEADS / TREE
BLOSSOM / DELICATE PEONIES / DRAGON TATTOO PRINTS / ORCHIDS / STYLISED FLOWER
PATTERNS

TREE AND BRANCH PLACEMENT PRINTS / ELABORATE BORDERS / DARK GROUNDS /
TRAILING FLORALS / CHINOISERIE / KIMONO STYLES / CHINESE ORNAMENT / ORIENTAL
SCENES

Shop The Trend Story

   EXPLORE MORE SPRING/SUMMER 2020 TRENDS
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Christian Dior at the V&A Museum – Designer of Dreams

   By Patternbank On April 5, 2019 · In Inspiration
     *

   Whether the opulent gowns of Christian Dior are you usual cup of tea or
   not, if you have a passion for fashion or just a love of textiles, you
   will be wowed by the V&A‘s current exhibition. If you’re lucky enough
   to snatch a ticket that is! Currently sold out, with only a handful of
   “first come first served” tickets available on the day, the
   exhibition’s popularity has lead to an extension until 1st September.
   If that’s all too much like hard work, we’ve taken a few shots for you
   to enjoy!
     *
     *

     *

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

   1 of 6123456Next →

     *
     * Instagram post 2145855722662343908_40142918 Paris Fashion week SS20
       has come to a close, so check out our print & pattern highlights on
       the studio. Link in Bio or visit Patternbank.com All SS20 fashion
       weeks covered so loads of beautiful pattern focused collections to
       view. #parisfashionweek #ss2020 #rtw #springsummer2020 #pfw
       #patternbank #patterndesign #textiles #textilestudio
       #surfacespatterns Paris Fashion week SS20 has come to a close, so
       check out our print & pattern highlights on the studio. Link in Bio
       or visit Patternbank.com All SS20 fashion weeks covered so loads of
       beautiful pattern focused collections to view. #parisfashionweek
       #ss2020 #rtw #springsummer2020 #pfw #patternbank #patterndesign
       #textiles #textilestudio #surfacespatterns
       Instagram post 2141366958229113045_40142918 Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio
       Instagram post 2141429802778091969_40142918 Our Paris SS20 Catwalk
       Print and Pattern Highlights are live on the studio. Highlights
       include Dries Van Notens saturated florals with bold animal mixes,
       Christian Diors wild meadow embroideries and placement prints and
       Saint Laurents opulent floral and paisley romantic dresses. Check
       out the link in bio for the complete catwalk coverage or visit
       patternbank.com #ss20 #paris #catwalk #runway #fashion #womenswear
       Our Paris SS20 Catwalk Print and Pattern Highlights are live on the
       studio. Highlights include Dries Van Notens saturated florals with
       bold animal mixes, Christian Diors wild meadow embroideries and
       placement prints and Saint Laurents opulent floral and paisley
       romantic dresses. Check out the link in bio for the complete
       catwalk coverage or visit patternbank.com #ss20 #paris #catwalk
       #runway #fashion #womenswear
       Instagram post 2130496931112538970_40142918 New Autumn/Winter
       2020/21 Print Trend ’Jungle Warrior’ is now live on our site. Check
       the link in our bio. Jungle camouflage covers in rich tonal colours
       bring a tropical vibe for this Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged
       flower heads and textured leaf patterns play alongside more formal
       layouts. Shop the prints on the Patternbank studio! #pattern
       #patterntrends #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #20/21 #textiledesign
       #surfacepattern #falltrends2020 #activewear #tropical #jungleprints
       #2021 #patternbank New Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print Trend ’Jungle
       Warrior’ is now live on our site. Check the link in our bio. Jungle
       camouflage covers in rich tonal colours bring a tropical vibe for
       this Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged flower heads and textured
       leaf patterns play alongside more formal layouts. Shop the prints
       on the Patternbank studio! #pattern #patterntrends
       #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #20/21 #textiledesign #surfacepattern
       #falltrends2020 #activewear #tropical #jungleprints #2021
       #patternbank
       Instagram post 2120352350454757909_40142918 Laces, chintz,
       tropicals, find your perfect pattern for the season at Artifactory
       Studios. Exclusively available on our @patternbank shop, link in
       bio. . . . #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #chintz #laceprint #pastelprints #printtrends
       #wgsn #printsforsale #premiumprints #newonpatternbank #patternbank
       #ss20 #graphicdesign #floralprints #vintageprints #vintageprints
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #patternobserver #seasonal
       #limitededition #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #Repost @artifactorystudios Laces, chintz,
       tropicals, find your perfect pattern for the season at Artifactory
       Studios. Exclusively available on our @patternbank shop, link in
       bio. . . . #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #chintz #laceprint #pastelprints #printtrends
       #wgsn #printsforsale #premiumprints #newonpatternbank #patternbank
       #ss20 #graphicdesign #floralprints #vintageprints #vintageprints
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #patternobserver #seasonal
       #limitededition #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #Repost @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2141364104206811045_40142918 Shop Teti Kartasheva’s
       amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ New on
       @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern #printinspiration
       #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator  #wallpaperdecor
       #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank  #illustrationoftheday
       #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators #illustrationartist
       #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign #illustrationnow
       #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator #textiledesign
       #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco #illustratorcc
       #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost @kartasheva_illustration
       Shop Teti Kartasheva’s amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in
       bio ・・・ New on @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern
       #printinspiration #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator
       #wallpaperdecor #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank
       #illustrationoftheday #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators
       #illustrationartist #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign
       #illustrationnow #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator
       #textiledesign #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco
       #illustratorcc #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost
       @kartasheva_illustration
       Instagram post 2124150465247010640_40142918 Vintage Flowers by Flor
       Pinochi. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Floral Print para
       @patternbank ✨ . . . . . #print #patternlove #pattern #floralprints
       #flowerpower #colourpalette #sweetie #designstudio #printstudio
       #patternator #patternbankdesigner #patternbank #patternity
       #patternobserver #illustrations #floralillustration #patternaday
       #patternoftheday #patterdesignersclub #Repost @flor.pinochi.prints
       Vintage Flowers by Flor Pinochi. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio
       ・・・ Floral Print para @patternbank ✨ . . . . . #print #patternlove
       #pattern #floralprints #flowerpower #colourpalette #sweetie
       #designstudio #printstudio #patternator #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank #patternity #patternobserver #illustrations
       #floralillustration #patternaday #patternoftheday
       #patterdesignersclub #Repost @flor.pinochi.prints
       Instagram post 2124876745525348365_40142918 Coral Watercolour
       Butterflies by Kashmira Baheti. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・
       Flowers and butterflies-Nature’s best creations! Enjoyed relaxed
       painting 😊 #floralprint #butterflyprint #butterflies
       #artforartssake #freelancedesigner #artistsoninstagram
       #patterndesign #surfacedesign #designstudio #coralcolor
       #watercolourpainting #surfacepatterndesign #patternbank #Repost
       @kashmirabaheti Coral Watercolour Butterflies by Kashmira Baheti.
       Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Flowers and
       butterflies-Nature’s best creations! Enjoyed relaxed painting 😊
       #floralprint #butterflyprint #butterflies #artforartssake
       #freelancedesigner #artistsoninstagram #patterndesign
       #surfacedesign #designstudio #coralcolor #watercolourpainting
       #surfacepatterndesign #patternbank #Repost @kashmirabaheti
       Instagram post 2136331270580739217_40142918 Discover Artifactory
       Studios beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . Still in
       conversation with these details! Cant wait to start editing these
       for our print shop! Link in bio! . . . . #patternbank #comingsoon
       #printdesigner #patternobserver #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner
       #printsforsale #watercolors #printmaking #gouache #textiledesign
       #textileprints #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints
       #graphicdesign #floralprints #botanicalillustration #wgsn
       #printtrends #handpainted #illustration #artistsoninstagram
       #artwork #handmadewithlove #springsummer2020 #autumnwinter2020
       #promostyle #freshflorals #wallpapertrends @artifactorystudios
       Discover Artifactory Studios beautiful prints @patternbank → Link
       in bio . Still in conversation with these details! Cant wait to
       start editing these for our print shop! Link in bio! . . . .
       #patternbank #comingsoon #printdesigner #patternobserver
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #printsforsale #watercolors
       #printmaking #gouache #textiledesign #textileprints
       #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints #graphicdesign
       #floralprints #botanicalillustration #wgsn #printtrends
       #handpainted #illustration #artistsoninstagram #artwork
       #handmadewithlove #springsummer2020 #autumnwinter2020 #promostyle
       #freshflorals #wallpapertrends @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2125564587465477206_40142918 Pumpkin Salad by
       Alejandra Zapata. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . My Pumpkin
       Salad pattern is #newonpatternbank and it's available in different
       license options! Perfect for Autumn prints! You'll find the link to
       #patternbankstudio in my bio 😊👆🏻Hope you all started September
       really good! #patterndesign #surfacedesign #pumpkinsalad
       #pumpkinpattern #newpattern #surfacepatterndesign
       #surfacepatterndesigner #prints #texturepattern #autumncolors
       #pumpkins #orangepattern #patternbank • @myloshome Pumpkin Salad by
       Alejandra Zapata. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . My Pumpkin
       Salad pattern is #newonpatternbank and it's available in different
       license options! Perfect for Autumn prints! You'll find the link to
       #patternbankstudio in my bio 😊👆🏻Hope you all started September
       really good! #patterndesign #surfacedesign #pumpkinsalad
       #pumpkinpattern #newpattern #surfacepatterndesign
       #surfacepatterndesigner #prints #texturepattern #autumncolors
       #pumpkins #orangepattern #patternbank • @myloshome
       Instagram post 2126238490240174316_40142918 Banana by Nadya
       Vorobyova. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Watercolor pattern
       #vorobyovanadya @nadejda_vorobyova Banana by Nadya Vorobyova. Shop
       @patternbank → Link in bio . Watercolor pattern #vorobyovanadya
       @nadejda_vorobyova
       Instagram post 2129054621065727250_40142918 Orchid Bloom | Lilac
       Pink | Activewear by Lotta Lorier. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio
       . Now that summer is coming to an end I must do something with ALL
       those photos of flowers I took like this Orchid Bloom print that’s
       available at Patternbank.. don’t you just love this cute little
       mock-up 💕.. #floralprint #orchidprint #textileprint #tropical
       #botanicalprint #textiledesign #womenswear #patternbank •
       @lottalorier Orchid Bloom | Lilac Pink | Activewear by Lotta
       Lorier. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Now that summer is coming
       to an end I must do something with ALL those photos of flowers I
       took like this Orchid Bloom print that’s available at Patternbank..
       don’t you just love this cute little mock-up 💕.. #floralprint
       #orchidprint #textileprint #tropical #botanicalprint #textiledesign
       #womenswear #patternbank • @lottalorier
       Instagram post 2135024248086232228_40142918 New London SS20 catwalk
       print & pattern highlights on the studio. Updates include Erdem,
       Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan, Victoria Beckham, Temperley
       London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn & Preen by Thornton
       Bregazzi. Link in bio or visit the Patternbank website. #lfw
       #londonfashionweek #springsummer2020 #rtw #catwalkshow
       #patterndesign #pattern #trends #spring2020 #preen #temperlylondon
       #richardquinn #erdem #victoriabeckham #houseofholland #ports1961
       New London SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights on the studio.
       Updates include Erdem, Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan,
       Victoria Beckham, Temperley London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn
       & Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Link in bio or visit the Patternbank
       website. #lfw #londonfashionweek #springsummer2020 #rtw
       #catwalkshow #patterndesign #pattern #trends #spring2020 #preen
       #temperlylondon #richardquinn #erdem #victoriabeckham
       #houseofholland #ports1961
       Instagram post 2129077071203637023_40142918 Discover Artifactory
       Studios’s beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . Freshly
       baked patterns from the oven! ❤ . . #comingsoon on @patternbank
       shop. . . . . . #handpainted #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #printsforsale #patternbankdesigner #indigo
       #gouache #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #fashionprints #printmaker #art #blockprint
       #handmadewithlove #pause #stopandstare #slowliving
       #qualityovereverything #watercolors #dalerrowney •
       @artifactorystudios Discover Artifactory Studios’s beautiful prints
       @patternbank → Link in bio . Freshly baked patterns from the oven!
       ❤ . . #comingsoon on @patternbank shop. . . . . . #handpainted
       #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios #artistsoninstagram
       #printsforsale #patternbankdesigner #indigo #gouache #textiledesign
       #textileprints #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints
       #printmaker #art #blockprint #handmadewithlove #pause #stopandstare
       #slowliving #qualityovereverything #watercolors #dalerrowney •
       @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2129086338283570670_40142918 Tropical by Flor
       Pinochi. Buy now @patternbank → Link in bio . Tropical Flowers 🌿
       for @patternbank . . . . . . . #pattern #surfacedesign
       #surfacepatterndesign #printstudio #print #flowers #tropicalpattern
       #tropical #design #tropicalinspiration #colourpalette #palm
       #illustration #leaves #floral #floralprints #textileprint
       #textiledesign #textilepattern #florpinochiprints
       #patterdesignersclub #patternobserver #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank • @flor.pinochi.prints Tropical by Flor Pinochi. Buy
       now @patternbank → Link in bio . Tropical Flowers 🌿 for
       @patternbank . . . . . . . #pattern #surfacedesign
       #surfacepatterndesign #printstudio #print #flowers #tropicalpattern
       #tropical #design #tropicalinspiration #colourpalette #palm
       #illustration #leaves #floral #floralprints #textileprint
       #textiledesign #textilepattern #florpinochiprints
       #patterdesignersclub #patternobserver #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank • @flor.pinochi.prints
       Instagram post 2129225292647242542_40142918 Check out our New York
       Fashion Week Print & Pattern highlights on the studio. Key
       Spring/Summer 2020 print shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla
       Johnson, Prabal Gurung, Nicole Miller & Staud. More shows added
       daily! Our catwalk team will be curating the strongest Print &
       Pattern runway shows. Link in bio #nyfw #newyorkfashionweek
       #nyfwrunway #springsummer2020 #spring2020 #runway #prints
       #patterndesign #surfacespatterns #textiledesign #newyork
       #fashionweek #trends Check out our New York Fashion Week Print &
       Pattern highlights on the studio. Key Spring/Summer 2020 print
       shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla Johnson, Prabal Gurung,
       Nicole Miller & Staud. More shows added daily! Our catwalk team
       will be curating the strongest Print & Pattern runway shows. Link
       in bio #nyfw #newyorkfashionweek #nyfwrunway #springsummer2020
       #spring2020 #runway #prints #patterndesign #surfacespatterns
       #textiledesign #newyork #fashionweek #trends
       Instagram post 2130559966149845669_40142918 Shop Vita’s beautiful
       prints @patternbank → Link in bio . 👩🏻‍🎨 Этот принт создал у меня
       рекорд по количеству цветовых решений, вышло 55 вариантов, не могла
       остановиться, это как медитация )) 🧘🏻‍♀️ и в разных случаях -
       воспринимается мной в разной стилистике, где- то это гранж с его
       эффектом потертости, где- то прослеживается подобие техники
       Джексона Поллока, где- то это неоновые эффекты .... бесконечность и
       в поиске .... ♾ #printabstract #artprint #patterndesign #surface
       #surfacedesigner #patternbankstudio #patternbank #patternforsale
       #textilpattern #printpattern #wallpaper #wallpaperdesign
       #artvitadaneva #abstracttattoodesign @vita.daneva Shop Vita’s
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . 👩🏻‍🎨 Этот принт
       создал у меня рекорд по количеству цветовых решений, вышло 55
       вариантов, не могла остановиться, это как медитация )) 🧘🏻‍♀️ и в
       разных случаях - воспринимается мной в разной стилистике, где- то
       это гранж с его эффектом потертости, где- то прослеживается подобие
       техники Джексона Поллока, где- то это неоновые эффекты ....
       бесконечность и в поиске .... ♾ #printabstract #artprint
       #patterndesign #surface #surfacedesigner #patternbankstudio
       #patternbank #patternforsale #textilpattern #printpattern
       #wallpaper #wallpaperdesign #artvitadaneva #abstracttattoodesign
       @vita.daneva
       Instagram post 2144924624193267756_40142918 We're kicking off
       October with a massive 20% off 3 day flash sale. The sale runs from
       1–3 October 2019 and includes all Standard, Extended and Premium
       Designs. Use code FLASH20 at checkout #flashsale #patternbank
       #flash20 We're kicking off October with a massive 20% off 3 day
       flash sale. The sale runs from 1–3 October 2019 and includes all
       Standard, Extended and Premium Designs. Use code FLASH20 at
       checkout #flashsale #patternbank #flash20
       Instagram post 2130622933356627659_40142918 Minute Details - Naive
       Ditsy Floral by Lucie Cooke. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio .
       Hello! I’m still here! Life has pulled priority over Instagram
       recently, hey ho. Here is a pattern I uploaded to @patternbank a
       few weeks ago, a hand drawn ditsy for the SS20 trend Minute Details
       with a pallet that would carry through to trans AW.
       #newonpatternbank #patternbank #patternbankdesigner #ss20
       #minutedetails #ss20trend #patterndesign #printandpattern
       #surfacepattern #surfacepatterndesigner #textiledesign
       #textiledesigner @luciecookedesign Minute Details - Naive Ditsy
       Floral by Lucie Cooke. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Hello! I’m
       still here! Life has pulled priority over Instagram recently, hey
       ho. Here is a pattern I uploaded to @patternbank a few weeks ago, a
       hand drawn ditsy for the SS20 trend Minute Details with a pallet
       that would carry through to trans AW. #newonpatternbank
       #patternbank #patternbankdesigner #ss20 #minutedetails #ss20trend
       #patterndesign #printandpattern #surfacepattern
       #surfacepatterndesigner #textiledesign #textiledesigner
       @luciecookedesign
       Instagram post 2130633157266189366_40142918 New NYFW SS20 catwalk
       print & pattern highlights added. Updates include Anna Sui,
       Carolina Herrera, Coach 1941 & Oscar De La Renta. Visit
       patternbank.com to review our latest top pattern collections from
       the New York Fashion Week. #springsummer2020 #newyorkfashionweek
       #newyorkfashionweek2019 #nyfw #nyfw2019 #runway #runwayshow #prints
       #patterndesign #patternbank #textiles #textiledesign #textilestudio
       #springsummer2020 #ss2020 New NYFW SS20 catwalk print & pattern
       highlights added. Updates include Anna Sui, Carolina Herrera, Coach
       1941 & Oscar De La Renta. Visit patternbank.com to review our
       latest top pattern collections from the New York Fashion Week.
       #springsummer2020 #newyorkfashionweek #newyorkfashionweek2019 #nyfw
       #nyfw2019 #runway #runwayshow #prints #patterndesign #patternbank
       #textiles #textiledesign #textilestudio #springsummer2020 #ss2020
       Follow Patternbank on Instagram
     * Close and accept
       Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use
       this website, you agree to their use.
       To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
       Cookie Policy

     * This blog claims no credit for any images posted on this site
       unless otherwise noted and are copyright to its respectful owners.
       If there is an image on this blog that belongs to you and do not
       wish for it appear on this site, please email hello@patternbank.com
       and it will be removed.
     * © 2019 Patternbank Ltd. All rights reserved
   #next Patternbank » Feed Patternbank » Comments Feed

     * « SHOP 60K+ DESIGNS @ PATTERNBANK STUDIO

   ____________________

   Patternbank

Première Vision Autumn/Winter 20/21 Print & Pattern Trend Report

   By Patternbank On October 1, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

The Patternbank team travelled to Paris this September to absorb and
experience Première Vision’s Autumn/Winter 20/21 show. Along with thousands
of industry professionals, designers and students flocking to Parc d’
Expositions, the team joined the throng to gather and record the print and
pattern trend forecasts for Fall20/21.

   Explore the Full Trend Report

Puzzling Geometry | Tidy Flowers | Tinted Blooms | Toxic Mixtures | Exotic
Vegetation | New Abstract | Night-time Tropics | Obscured Nature

New Abstract

PAINTED TERRAZZO PATTERN / PAINTED ANIMAL PATTERN / SCRIBBLED ABSTRACT SHAPES
/ BRUSHED MARKS / DRAWN SKIN MIXES / ABSTRACT SPOTS / BLOTCHY LEOPARD PRINT

Night-time Tropics

DARK WOODLAND / MIDNIGHT JUNGLE / FLORAL COLOUR POPS / DARK TROPICS /
WOODLAND FLORA / JARRING COLOUR CLASHES / SKETCHED NATURE / ABSTRACT PHOTO
EFFECTS

Exotic Vegetation

INDONESIAN BATIK / SMALL SCALE INDIENNE PRINTS / AFRICAN WAX PATTERNS /
ARTISTIC LEAVES / BOLD GRAPHIC FOLIAGE / VIBRANT ETHNIC ABSTRACTS / LARGE
SCALE PAINTED PAISLEY / PSYCHEDELIC ETHNIC PRINTS

   Explore the Full Trend Report
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Tudor Times

   By Patternbank On September 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Rich floral decoration intwined with ornate letterings and stylised forest
patterns bring a new somber mood for Autumn/Winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

London Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New London SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights on the studio.
   Updates include Erdem, Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan, Victoria
   Beckham, Temperley London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn & Preen by
   Thornton Bregazzi. Visit patternbank.com for the full report.

Erdem

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Preen by Thornton Bregazzi

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ports 1961

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   EXPLORE ALL LFW HIGHLIGHTS
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New NYFW SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights now live. Updates
   include Anna Sui, Carolina Herrera, Coach 1941 & Oscar De La Renta.
   Visit patternbank.com to review our latest top print & pattern
   collections from New York Fashion Week SS20.

Carolina Herrera

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Oscar De La Renta

     *
     *
     *
     *

Anna Sui

     *
     *
     *
     *

Check out all the latest runway SS20 Print & Pattern highlights here!

     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Jungle Warrior

   By Patternbank On September 10, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Jungle camouflage covers in rich tonal colours bring a tropical vibe for this
Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged flower heads and textured leaf patterns
play alongside more formal layouts.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Spring/Summer 2020 Catwalk Print & Pattern Highlights

   By Patternbank On September 9, 2019 · In Catwalks

   Check out our New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern highlights on the
   studio. Key SS20 print shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla Johnson,
   Prabal Gurung, Nicole Miller & Staud. More added daily! Our catwalk
   team will be curating the strongest Print & Pattern runway shows. Check
   the Patternbank regularly for the latest show updates. New York Fashion
   Week Highlights

Tory Burch

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ulla Johnson

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Nicole Miller

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   View all Print & Pattern SS20 Highlights from NYFW Here!
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Organised Florals

   By Patternbank On August 20, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Sophisticated floral layouts and organised border patterns reminiscent
of formal garden symmetry are the inspiration behind this Autumn/Winter 20/21
print trend.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ORGANISED BORDER PATTERNS / FLORAL AND GEOMETRIC COMBINATIONS / FORMAL GARDEN
LAYOUTS / TRADITIONAL FLORAL MOTIFS / SHAPE REPETITION / RANGOLI FLOWER
PATTERNS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Future Sci-Fi

   By Patternbank On July 30, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Futuristic shapes and textures in bold colour combinations are the new
abstract trend for autumn/winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ROCK FORMATIONS / CRYSTAL STONES / GEOMETRIC MIRROR PATTERNS / FUTURISTIC
SURFACES / TRANSPARENT FORMS / SPARKLING DIAMONDS / DIGITAL COLLAGE

HOLOGRAPHIC PATTERN / SCENTIFIC SPACE / GEOMETRIC FRAGMENTS / JEWELLED
KALEIDOSCOPE / CRYSTAL FORMATIONS / 3DIMENTION / PASTEL NEONS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Print and Pattern Highlights from Haute Couture Fall 2019

   By Patternbank On July 12, 2019 · In Catwalks

   The Patternbank team have selected some hot picks from Fall 2019 Haute
   Couture runway shows. Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall
   2019 here.
   Viktor & Rolf Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Guo Pei’s theatrical array of eclectic costumes ranged from Renaissance
   style gowns to corseted Kimonos and from grand ecclesiastical robes to
   wide Marie Antoinette style Pannier skirts. This collection was
   cleverly connected with a neutral colour palette and were all adorned
   with intricate embellishments and structural embroideries. In stark
   contrast, colour and crafty texture were key ingredients in Viktor &
   Rolf’s Couture collection. Densely felted fabrics and patched vintage
   remnants depicted scenes and sunrises and pictorial embellished skirts
   came complete with embroidery hoops.
   Guo Pei Haute Couture Fall 2019Fendi Haute Couture Fall 2019Valentino
   Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall 2019 here.
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Horse & Hound

   By Patternbank On July 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts
   See by Chloe Fall 19 / Victoria Beckham Resort 20

This Autumn Winter 20/21 trend is a quirky play with all things equestrian
and our love of man’s best friend. Illustrative horse and dog motifs adorn
spacial conversational prints along side scenic paintings and sketched
monochromatic images.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   Stella McCartney Resort 2020 / Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood
   SS19

SPACIAL CONVERSATIONAL / HORSE & HOUND MOTIFS / SILHOUETTE PATTERN /
MONOCHROME SKETCHES / GALLOPING HORSES / SCENIC PLACEMENTS / QUIRKY DOG
PRINTS / DETAILED PAINTINGS / ILLUSTRATIVE PLACEMENTS

   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood SS19 / Alejandra Alonso Rojas
   Fall 2019Burberry London Pre Fall19
   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Summer Sale 2019 / 20% OFF / 8–14 July 2019

   By Patternbank On July 8, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   Our 2019 Summer Sale is on until 14 July with a 20% saving on
   everything on our site. This includes all Standard, Extended and
   Premium Designs. Use code SUMMER19 at checkout.

   Don’t forget to check out our new Trends area on the site for fresh
   ideas on trends and prints for the new season. Below are a selection of
   trends for Spring/Summer 2020 – view the trends for free in more detail
   here.

   Featured Design: Tropical Pattern on Dark Background With Palm Leaves
   Filled With Tropical Hibiscus Flowers by SUPERNOVA
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New Designers Week 1 – Textile & Surface Pattern Graduate Highlights 2019

   By Patternbank On July 4, 2019 · In Featured, Print + Pattern

Patternbank brings you a snapshot of the strongest print designers seen at
the recent  New Designers Graduate show.

The Patternbank team once again had the privilege of experiencing this years
emerging talent at the New Designers Graduate show.  New Designers is the
UK’s most important graduate design exhibition, full of innovation and fresh
thinking. Week 1 of the graduate show focused on Textiles and surface pattern
design courses and was the ultimate event to spot the next wave of creative
talent to hit the industry. New Designers Week 2 is showing until this Sunday
if you are in London.

Lousie Powers – @lousurfacepattern

   © 2019 Louise Powers© 2019 Louise Powers

Leeds Art University
     __________________________________________________________________

Amber Sorayapour – @ambersorayapour

   © 2019 Amber SorayapourMore →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – New Romantics

   By Patternbank On June 26, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Translucent coloured florals with a romantic touch are key to this trend.
Faded vintage rose prints and ice cool colours give a fresh new look.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

VINTAGE ROSE / TRANSLUCENT COLOUR / FADED PINKS / PASTEL FLORALS / DIGITAL
AND WATERCOLOURS MIXES / SPACED LAYOUTS / MODERN ROMANCE / LAYERED TEXTURE /
GREYED BACKGROUNDS

DUSKY REFLECTIONS / AGED PRINTS / DELICATE LAYERS / VINTAGE FLORAL
ARRANGEMENTS / HAND PAINTED FLORALS / ICE COOL PALETTE / PRETTY ROMANTIC

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Swimwear Micro Print & Pattern Trends – Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On June 4, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Explore five Swimwear focused print and pattern trends for Spring/Summer
2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES

Skin Deep

Animal prints and skins are a key direction for swimwear this Season. Here,
bold mixes of abstract skins and vibrant markings drive this summer trend.
     __________________________________________________________________

Tropical Brush

Tropical flowers and leaves are applied using arty brush paints to this
swimwear trend. Abstract marks and fast brush movements are drawn in vivid
colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

Retro Bloom

Drawing inspiration from the 60s & 70s florals used in vintage sun-loungers.
In this trend florals get a modern revamp with varied scale and an injection
of retro colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     __________________________________________________________________

Birds of a Feather

Feathered plumes in exotic colours are placed for maximum interest in this
dynamic summer trend. A psychedelic twist adds dimension and detailed
interest.
     __________________________________________________________________

On Safari

Safari themed prints and African wax jungle themes are key in this swimwear
trend for Spring / Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Bird Life

   By Patternbank On May 22, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Spring/Summer 2020 is full of tropical gardens where exotic birds display
their brightly coloured plumes amongst the dense foliage.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

EXOTIC BIRDLIFE / PARROTS, COCKATOOS, TOUCANS, FLAMINGOES AND HUMMING BIRDS /
TROPICAL BACKGROUNDS / VIBRANT PLUMES / INTENSE COLOUR / JUNGLE LEAVES /
TROPICAL FLOWERS / HAND PAINTED / WATERCOLOUR BIRDS

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Solid Graffiti

   By Patternbank On May 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Taking inspiration from the world of graffiti, Spring/Summer 2020 takes on a
solid graphic feel in this bold, vibrant print trend.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

GRAPHIC FLOWER / SPRAY PAINT EFFECTS / SOLID COLOUR / BOLD OUTLINE / GRAFFITI
SCRAWLS / CRAYON DRAWINGS / PAINT DRIPS / SPLASHY MARKS / GRAFFITI LETTERS /
BOLD GRAPHICS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Fruity

   By Patternbank On May 2, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Colourful fruity mixtures and fruit segments create fun tropical prints for
Spring/Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

JUICY FRUITS / CHERRIES, STRAWBERRIES, POMEGRANATES, ORANGES, LEMONS,
AVOCADOS, MANGOES, PEACHES & KIWI FRUITS / FRUIT SEGMENTS / SCATTERED REPEATS
/ SUMMER EXOTICS

COLOURFUL ARRANGEMENTS / FRUITY MIXTURES / ZESTY FRUIT PLAYS / FRUIT SALAD /
FRUIT TREES / SMALL SCALE PATTERN / VIBRANT TROPICAL FRUITS / INTERNAL FRUIT
STRUCTURES

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – African Clash

   By Patternbank On April 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Stylised florals and bold African patterns clash in bright colour combos for
this vibrant Spring/Summer 2020 story.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

BOLD TROPICAL FLORAL / COMPLEX GEO / VIBRANT FOLIAGE / AFRICAN SUMMER GEOS /
CLASHING PATTERN / COLOURFUL STRIPE PATTERNS

STYLISED ETHNIC / DIAMOND AND ZIG-ZAG STRIPES / CHAOTIC GEOMETRY / VIBRANT
AFRICAN PRINTS / STYLISED AFRICAN FLOWERS / AFRICAN GEO TROPICALS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Orient Express

   By Patternbank On April 16, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Spring/Summer 2020 heads east, exotic birds adorn blossom prints and mystical
dragons decorate beautiful fabrics.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

EXOTIC BIRD PRINTS / DECORATIVE FLORALS / ELABORATE FLOWER HEADS / TREE
BLOSSOM / DELICATE PEONIES / DRAGON TATTOO PRINTS / ORCHIDS / STYLISED FLOWER
PATTERNS

TREE AND BRANCH PLACEMENT PRINTS / ELABORATE BORDERS / DARK GROUNDS /
TRAILING FLORALS / CHINOISERIE / KIMONO STYLES / CHINESE ORNAMENT / ORIENTAL
SCENES

Shop The Trend Story

   EXPLORE MORE SPRING/SUMMER 2020 TRENDS
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Christian Dior at the V&A Museum – Designer of Dreams

   By Patternbank On April 5, 2019 · In Inspiration
     *

   Whether the opulent gowns of Christian Dior are you usual cup of tea or
   not, if you have a passion for fashion or just a love of textiles, you
   will be wowed by the V&A‘s current exhibition. If you’re lucky enough
   to snatch a ticket that is! Currently sold out, with only a handful of
   “first come first served” tickets available on the day, the
   exhibition’s popularity has lead to an extension until 1st September.
   If that’s all too much like hard work, we’ve taken a few shots for you
   to enjoy!
     *
     *

     *

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

   1 of 6123456Next →

     *
     * Instagram post 2145855722662343908_40142918 Paris Fashion week SS20
       has come to a close, so check out our print & pattern highlights on
       the studio. Link in Bio or visit Patternbank.com All SS20 fashion
       weeks covered so loads of beautiful pattern focused collections to
       view. #parisfashionweek #ss2020 #rtw #springsummer2020 #pfw
       #patternbank #patterndesign #textiles #textilestudio
       #surfacespatterns Paris Fashion week SS20 has come to a close, so
       check out our print & pattern highlights on the studio. Link in Bio
       or visit Patternbank.com All SS20 fashion weeks covered so loads of
       beautiful pattern focused collections to view. #parisfashionweek
       #ss2020 #rtw #springsummer2020 #pfw #patternbank #patterndesign
       #textiles #textilestudio #surfacespatterns
       Instagram post 2141366958229113045_40142918 Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio
       Instagram post 2141429802778091969_40142918 Our Paris SS20 Catwalk
       Print and Pattern Highlights are live on the studio. Highlights
       include Dries Van Notens saturated florals with bold animal mixes,
       Christian Diors wild meadow embroideries and placement prints and
       Saint Laurents opulent floral and paisley romantic dresses. Check
       out the link in bio for the complete catwalk coverage or visit
       patternbank.com #ss20 #paris #catwalk #runway #fashion #womenswear
       Our Paris SS20 Catwalk Print and Pattern Highlights are live on the
       studio. Highlights include Dries Van Notens saturated florals with
       bold animal mixes, Christian Diors wild meadow embroideries and
       placement prints and Saint Laurents opulent floral and paisley
       romantic dresses. Check out the link in bio for the complete
       catwalk coverage or visit patternbank.com #ss20 #paris #catwalk
       #runway #fashion #womenswear
       Instagram post 2130496931112538970_40142918 New Autumn/Winter
       2020/21 Print Trend ’Jungle Warrior’ is now live on our site. Check
       the link in our bio. Jungle camouflage covers in rich tonal colours
       bring a tropical vibe for this Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged
       flower heads and textured leaf patterns play alongside more formal
       layouts. Shop the prints on the Patternbank studio! #pattern
       #patterntrends #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #20/21 #textiledesign
       #surfacepattern #falltrends2020 #activewear #tropical #jungleprints
       #2021 #patternbank New Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print Trend ’Jungle
       Warrior’ is now live on our site. Check the link in our bio. Jungle
       camouflage covers in rich tonal colours bring a tropical vibe for
       this Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged flower heads and textured
       leaf patterns play alongside more formal layouts. Shop the prints
       on the Patternbank studio! #pattern #patterntrends
       #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #20/21 #textiledesign #surfacepattern
       #falltrends2020 #activewear #tropical #jungleprints #2021
       #patternbank
       Instagram post 2120352350454757909_40142918 Laces, chintz,
       tropicals, find your perfect pattern for the season at Artifactory
       Studios. Exclusively available on our @patternbank shop, link in
       bio. . . . #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #chintz #laceprint #pastelprints #printtrends
       #wgsn #printsforsale #premiumprints #newonpatternbank #patternbank
       #ss20 #graphicdesign #floralprints #vintageprints #vintageprints
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #patternobserver #seasonal
       #limitededition #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #Repost @artifactorystudios Laces, chintz,
       tropicals, find your perfect pattern for the season at Artifactory
       Studios. Exclusively available on our @patternbank shop, link in
       bio. . . . #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #chintz #laceprint #pastelprints #printtrends
       #wgsn #printsforsale #premiumprints #newonpatternbank #patternbank
       #ss20 #graphicdesign #floralprints #vintageprints #vintageprints
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #patternobserver #seasonal
       #limitededition #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #Repost @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2141364104206811045_40142918 Shop Teti Kartasheva’s
       amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ New on
       @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern #printinspiration
       #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator  #wallpaperdecor
       #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank  #illustrationoftheday
       #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators #illustrationartist
       #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign #illustrationnow
       #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator #textiledesign
       #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco #illustratorcc
       #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost @kartasheva_illustration
       Shop Teti Kartasheva’s amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in
       bio ・・・ New on @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern
       #printinspiration #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator
       #wallpaperdecor #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank
       #illustrationoftheday #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators
       #illustrationartist #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign
       #illustrationnow #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator
       #textiledesign #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco
       #illustratorcc #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost
       @kartasheva_illustration
       Instagram post 2124150465247010640_40142918 Vintage Flowers by Flor
       Pinochi. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Floral Print para
       @patternbank ✨ . . . . . #print #patternlove #pattern #floralprints
       #flowerpower #colourpalette #sweetie #designstudio #printstudio
       #patternator #patternbankdesigner #patternbank #patternity
       #patternobserver #illustrations #floralillustration #patternaday
       #patternoftheday #patterdesignersclub #Repost @flor.pinochi.prints
       Vintage Flowers by Flor Pinochi. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio
       ・・・ Floral Print para @patternbank ✨ . . . . . #print #patternlove
       #pattern #floralprints #flowerpower #colourpalette #sweetie
       #designstudio #printstudio #patternator #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank #patternity #patternobserver #illustrations
       #floralillustration #patternaday #patternoftheday
       #patterdesignersclub #Repost @flor.pinochi.prints
       Instagram post 2124876745525348365_40142918 Coral Watercolour
       Butterflies by Kashmira Baheti. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・
       Flowers and butterflies-Nature’s best creations! Enjoyed relaxed
       painting 😊 #floralprint #butterflyprint #butterflies
       #artforartssake #freelancedesigner #artistsoninstagram
       #patterndesign #surfacedesign #designstudio #coralcolor
       #watercolourpainting #surfacepatterndesign #patternbank #Repost
       @kashmirabaheti Coral Watercolour Butterflies by Kashmira Baheti.
       Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Flowers and
       butterflies-Nature’s best creations! Enjoyed relaxed painting 😊
       #floralprint #butterflyprint #butterflies #artforartssake
       #freelancedesigner #artistsoninstagram #patterndesign
       #surfacedesign #designstudio #coralcolor #watercolourpainting
       #surfacepatterndesign #patternbank #Repost @kashmirabaheti
       Instagram post 2136331270580739217_40142918 Discover Artifactory
       Studios beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . Still in
       conversation with these details! Cant wait to start editing these
       for our print shop! Link in bio! . . . . #patternbank #comingsoon
       #printdesigner #patternobserver #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner
       #printsforsale #watercolors #printmaking #gouache #textiledesign
       #textileprints #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints
       #graphicdesign #floralprints #botanicalillustration #wgsn
       #printtrends #handpainted #illustration #artistsoninstagram
       #artwork #handmadewithlove #springsummer2020 #autumnwinter2020
       #promostyle #freshflorals #wallpapertrends @artifactorystudios
       Discover Artifactory Studios beautiful prints @patternbank → Link
       in bio . Still in conversation with these details! Cant wait to
       start editing these for our print shop! Link in bio! . . . .
       #patternbank #comingsoon #printdesigner #patternobserver
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #printsforsale #watercolors
       #printmaking #gouache #textiledesign #textileprints
       #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints #graphicdesign
       #floralprints #botanicalillustration #wgsn #printtrends
       #handpainted #illustration #artistsoninstagram #artwork
       #handmadewithlove #springsummer2020 #autumnwinter2020 #promostyle
       #freshflorals #wallpapertrends @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2125564587465477206_40142918 Pumpkin Salad by
       Alejandra Zapata. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . My Pumpkin
       Salad pattern is #newonpatternbank and it's available in different
       license options! Perfect for Autumn prints! You'll find the link to
       #patternbankstudio in my bio 😊👆🏻Hope you all started September
       really good! #patterndesign #surfacedesign #pumpkinsalad
       #pumpkinpattern #newpattern #surfacepatterndesign
       #surfacepatterndesigner #prints #texturepattern #autumncolors
       #pumpkins #orangepattern #patternbank • @myloshome Pumpkin Salad by
       Alejandra Zapata. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . My Pumpkin
       Salad pattern is #newonpatternbank and it's available in different
       license options! Perfect for Autumn prints! You'll find the link to
       #patternbankstudio in my bio 😊👆🏻Hope you all started September
       really good! #patterndesign #surfacedesign #pumpkinsalad
       #pumpkinpattern #newpattern #surfacepatterndesign
       #surfacepatterndesigner #prints #texturepattern #autumncolors
       #pumpkins #orangepattern #patternbank • @myloshome
       Instagram post 2126238490240174316_40142918 Banana by Nadya
       Vorobyova. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Watercolor pattern
       #vorobyovanadya @nadejda_vorobyova Banana by Nadya Vorobyova. Shop
       @patternbank → Link in bio . Watercolor pattern #vorobyovanadya
       @nadejda_vorobyova
       Instagram post 2129054621065727250_40142918 Orchid Bloom | Lilac
       Pink | Activewear by Lotta Lorier. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio
       . Now that summer is coming to an end I must do something with ALL
       those photos of flowers I took like this Orchid Bloom print that’s
       available at Patternbank.. don’t you just love this cute little
       mock-up 💕.. #floralprint #orchidprint #textileprint #tropical
       #botanicalprint #textiledesign #womenswear #patternbank •
       @lottalorier Orchid Bloom | Lilac Pink | Activewear by Lotta
       Lorier. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Now that summer is coming
       to an end I must do something with ALL those photos of flowers I
       took like this Orchid Bloom print that’s available at Patternbank..
       don’t you just love this cute little mock-up 💕.. #floralprint
       #orchidprint #textileprint #tropical #botanicalprint #textiledesign
       #womenswear #patternbank • @lottalorier
       Instagram post 2135024248086232228_40142918 New London SS20 catwalk
       print & pattern highlights on the studio. Updates include Erdem,
       Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan, Victoria Beckham, Temperley
       London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn & Preen by Thornton
       Bregazzi. Link in bio or visit the Patternbank website. #lfw
       #londonfashionweek #springsummer2020 #rtw #catwalkshow
       #patterndesign #pattern #trends #spring2020 #preen #temperlylondon
       #richardquinn #erdem #victoriabeckham #houseofholland #ports1961
       New London SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights on the studio.
       Updates include Erdem, Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan,
       Victoria Beckham, Temperley London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn
       & Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Link in bio or visit the Patternbank
       website. #lfw #londonfashionweek #springsummer2020 #rtw
       #catwalkshow #patterndesign #pattern #trends #spring2020 #preen
       #temperlylondon #richardquinn #erdem #victoriabeckham
       #houseofholland #ports1961
       Instagram post 2129077071203637023_40142918 Discover Artifactory
       Studios’s beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . Freshly
       baked patterns from the oven! ❤ . . #comingsoon on @patternbank
       shop. . . . . . #handpainted #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #printsforsale #patternbankdesigner #indigo
       #gouache #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #fashionprints #printmaker #art #blockprint
       #handmadewithlove #pause #stopandstare #slowliving
       #qualityovereverything #watercolors #dalerrowney •
       @artifactorystudios Discover Artifactory Studios’s beautiful prints
       @patternbank → Link in bio . Freshly baked patterns from the oven!
       ❤ . . #comingsoon on @patternbank shop. . . . . . #handpainted
       #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios #artistsoninstagram
       #printsforsale #patternbankdesigner #indigo #gouache #textiledesign
       #textileprints #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints
       #printmaker #art #blockprint #handmadewithlove #pause #stopandstare
       #slowliving #qualityovereverything #watercolors #dalerrowney •
       @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2129086338283570670_40142918 Tropical by Flor
       Pinochi. Buy now @patternbank → Link in bio . Tropical Flowers 🌿
       for @patternbank . . . . . . . #pattern #surfacedesign
       #surfacepatterndesign #printstudio #print #flowers #tropicalpattern
       #tropical #design #tropicalinspiration #colourpalette #palm
       #illustration #leaves #floral #floralprints #textileprint
       #textiledesign #textilepattern #florpinochiprints
       #patterdesignersclub #patternobserver #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank • @flor.pinochi.prints Tropical by Flor Pinochi. Buy
       now @patternbank → Link in bio . Tropical Flowers 🌿 for
       @patternbank . . . . . . . #pattern #surfacedesign
       #surfacepatterndesign #printstudio #print #flowers #tropicalpattern
       #tropical #design #tropicalinspiration #colourpalette #palm
       #illustration #leaves #floral #floralprints #textileprint
       #textiledesign #textilepattern #florpinochiprints
       #patterdesignersclub #patternobserver #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank • @flor.pinochi.prints
       Instagram post 2129225292647242542_40142918 Check out our New York
       Fashion Week Print & Pattern highlights on the studio. Key
       Spring/Summer 2020 print shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla
       Johnson, Prabal Gurung, Nicole Miller & Staud. More shows added
       daily! Our catwalk team will be curating the strongest Print &
       Pattern runway shows. Link in bio #nyfw #newyorkfashionweek
       #nyfwrunway #springsummer2020 #spring2020 #runway #prints
       #patterndesign #surfacespatterns #textiledesign #newyork
       #fashionweek #trends Check out our New York Fashion Week Print &
       Pattern highlights on the studio. Key Spring/Summer 2020 print
       shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla Johnson, Prabal Gurung,
       Nicole Miller & Staud. More shows added daily! Our catwalk team
       will be curating the strongest Print & Pattern runway shows. Link
       in bio #nyfw #newyorkfashionweek #nyfwrunway #springsummer2020
       #spring2020 #runway #prints #patterndesign #surfacespatterns
       #textiledesign #newyork #fashionweek #trends
       Instagram post 2130559966149845669_40142918 Shop Vita’s beautiful
       prints @patternbank → Link in bio . 👩🏻‍🎨 Этот принт создал у меня
       рекорд по количеству цветовых решений, вышло 55 вариантов, не могла
       остановиться, это как медитация )) 🧘🏻‍♀️ и в разных случаях -
       воспринимается мной в разной стилистике, где- то это гранж с его
       эффектом потертости, где- то прослеживается подобие техники
       Джексона Поллока, где- то это неоновые эффекты .... бесконечность и
       в поиске .... ♾ #printabstract #artprint #patterndesign #surface
       #surfacedesigner #patternbankstudio #patternbank #patternforsale
       #textilpattern #printpattern #wallpaper #wallpaperdesign
       #artvitadaneva #abstracttattoodesign @vita.daneva Shop Vita’s
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . 👩🏻‍🎨 Этот принт
       создал у меня рекорд по количеству цветовых решений, вышло 55
       вариантов, не могла остановиться, это как медитация )) 🧘🏻‍♀️ и в
       разных случаях - воспринимается мной в разной стилистике, где- то
       это гранж с его эффектом потертости, где- то прослеживается подобие
       техники Джексона Поллока, где- то это неоновые эффекты ....
       бесконечность и в поиске .... ♾ #printabstract #artprint
       #patterndesign #surface #surfacedesigner #patternbankstudio
       #patternbank #patternforsale #textilpattern #printpattern
       #wallpaper #wallpaperdesign #artvitadaneva #abstracttattoodesign
       @vita.daneva
       Instagram post 2144924624193267756_40142918 We're kicking off
       October with a massive 20% off 3 day flash sale. The sale runs from
       1–3 October 2019 and includes all Standard, Extended and Premium
       Designs. Use code FLASH20 at checkout #flashsale #patternbank
       #flash20 We're kicking off October with a massive 20% off 3 day
       flash sale. The sale runs from 1–3 October 2019 and includes all
       Standard, Extended and Premium Designs. Use code FLASH20 at
       checkout #flashsale #patternbank #flash20
       Instagram post 2130622933356627659_40142918 Minute Details - Naive
       Ditsy Floral by Lucie Cooke. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio .
       Hello! I’m still here! Life has pulled priority over Instagram
       recently, hey ho. Here is a pattern I uploaded to @patternbank a
       few weeks ago, a hand drawn ditsy for the SS20 trend Minute Details
       with a pallet that would carry through to trans AW.
       #newonpatternbank #patternbank #patternbankdesigner #ss20
       #minutedetails #ss20trend #patterndesign #printandpattern
       #surfacepattern #surfacepatterndesigner #textiledesign
       #textiledesigner @luciecookedesign Minute Details - Naive Ditsy
       Floral by Lucie Cooke. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Hello! I’m
       still here! Life has pulled priority over Instagram recently, hey
       ho. Here is a pattern I uploaded to @patternbank a few weeks ago, a
       hand drawn ditsy for the SS20 trend Minute Details with a pallet
       that would carry through to trans AW. #newonpatternbank
       #patternbank #patternbankdesigner #ss20 #minutedetails #ss20trend
       #patterndesign #printandpattern #surfacepattern
       #surfacepatterndesigner #textiledesign #textiledesigner
       @luciecookedesign
       Instagram post 2130633157266189366_40142918 New NYFW SS20 catwalk
       print & pattern highlights added. Updates include Anna Sui,
       Carolina Herrera, Coach 1941 & Oscar De La Renta. Visit
       patternbank.com to review our latest top pattern collections from
       the New York Fashion Week. #springsummer2020 #newyorkfashionweek
       #newyorkfashionweek2019 #nyfw #nyfw2019 #runway #runwayshow #prints
       #patterndesign #patternbank #textiles #textiledesign #textilestudio
       #springsummer2020 #ss2020 New NYFW SS20 catwalk print & pattern
       highlights added. Updates include Anna Sui, Carolina Herrera, Coach
       1941 & Oscar De La Renta. Visit patternbank.com to review our
       latest top pattern collections from the New York Fashion Week.
       #springsummer2020 #newyorkfashionweek #newyorkfashionweek2019 #nyfw
       #nyfw2019 #runway #runwayshow #prints #patterndesign #patternbank
       #textiles #textiledesign #textilestudio #springsummer2020 #ss2020
       Follow Patternbank on Instagram
     * Close and accept
       Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use
       this website, you agree to their use.
       To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
       Cookie Policy

     * This blog claims no credit for any images posted on this site
       unless otherwise noted and are copyright to its respectful owners.
       If there is an image on this blog that belongs to you and do not
       wish for it appear on this site, please email hello@patternbank.com
       and it will be removed.
     * © 2019 Patternbank Ltd. All rights reserved
   #next Patternbank » Feed Patternbank » Comments Feed

     * « SHOP 60K+ DESIGNS @ PATTERNBANK STUDIO

   ____________________

   Patternbank

Première Vision Autumn/Winter 20/21 Print & Pattern Trend Report

   By Patternbank On October 1, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

The Patternbank team travelled to Paris this September to absorb and
experience Première Vision’s Autumn/Winter 20/21 show. Along with thousands
of industry professionals, designers and students flocking to Parc d’
Expositions, the team joined the throng to gather and record the print and
pattern trend forecasts for Fall20/21.

   Explore the Full Trend Report

Puzzling Geometry | Tidy Flowers | Tinted Blooms | Toxic Mixtures | Exotic
Vegetation | New Abstract | Night-time Tropics | Obscured Nature

New Abstract

PAINTED TERRAZZO PATTERN / PAINTED ANIMAL PATTERN / SCRIBBLED ABSTRACT SHAPES
/ BRUSHED MARKS / DRAWN SKIN MIXES / ABSTRACT SPOTS / BLOTCHY LEOPARD PRINT

Night-time Tropics

DARK WOODLAND / MIDNIGHT JUNGLE / FLORAL COLOUR POPS / DARK TROPICS /
WOODLAND FLORA / JARRING COLOUR CLASHES / SKETCHED NATURE / ABSTRACT PHOTO
EFFECTS

Exotic Vegetation

INDONESIAN BATIK / SMALL SCALE INDIENNE PRINTS / AFRICAN WAX PATTERNS /
ARTISTIC LEAVES / BOLD GRAPHIC FOLIAGE / VIBRANT ETHNIC ABSTRACTS / LARGE
SCALE PAINTED PAISLEY / PSYCHEDELIC ETHNIC PRINTS

   Explore the Full Trend Report
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Tudor Times

   By Patternbank On September 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Rich floral decoration intwined with ornate letterings and stylised forest
patterns bring a new somber mood for Autumn/Winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

London Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New London SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights on the studio.
   Updates include Erdem, Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan, Victoria
   Beckham, Temperley London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn & Preen by
   Thornton Bregazzi. Visit patternbank.com for the full report.

Erdem

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Preen by Thornton Bregazzi

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ports 1961

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   EXPLORE ALL LFW HIGHLIGHTS
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New NYFW SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights now live. Updates
   include Anna Sui, Carolina Herrera, Coach 1941 & Oscar De La Renta.
   Visit patternbank.com to review our latest top print & pattern
   collections from New York Fashion Week SS20.

Carolina Herrera

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Oscar De La Renta

     *
     *
     *
     *

Anna Sui

     *
     *
     *
     *

Check out all the latest runway SS20 Print & Pattern highlights here!

     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Jungle Warrior

   By Patternbank On September 10, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Jungle camouflage covers in rich tonal colours bring a tropical vibe for this
Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged flower heads and textured leaf patterns
play alongside more formal layouts.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Spring/Summer 2020 Catwalk Print & Pattern Highlights

   By Patternbank On September 9, 2019 · In Catwalks

   Check out our New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern highlights on the
   studio. Key SS20 print shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla Johnson,
   Prabal Gurung, Nicole Miller & Staud. More added daily! Our catwalk
   team will be curating the strongest Print & Pattern runway shows. Check
   the Patternbank regularly for the latest show updates. New York Fashion
   Week Highlights

Tory Burch

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ulla Johnson

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Nicole Miller

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   View all Print & Pattern SS20 Highlights from NYFW Here!
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Organised Florals

   By Patternbank On August 20, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Sophisticated floral layouts and organised border patterns reminiscent
of formal garden symmetry are the inspiration behind this Autumn/Winter 20/21
print trend.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ORGANISED BORDER PATTERNS / FLORAL AND GEOMETRIC COMBINATIONS / FORMAL GARDEN
LAYOUTS / TRADITIONAL FLORAL MOTIFS / SHAPE REPETITION / RANGOLI FLOWER
PATTERNS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Future Sci-Fi

   By Patternbank On July 30, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Futuristic shapes and textures in bold colour combinations are the new
abstract trend for autumn/winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ROCK FORMATIONS / CRYSTAL STONES / GEOMETRIC MIRROR PATTERNS / FUTURISTIC
SURFACES / TRANSPARENT FORMS / SPARKLING DIAMONDS / DIGITAL COLLAGE

HOLOGRAPHIC PATTERN / SCENTIFIC SPACE / GEOMETRIC FRAGMENTS / JEWELLED
KALEIDOSCOPE / CRYSTAL FORMATIONS / 3DIMENTION / PASTEL NEONS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Print and Pattern Highlights from Haute Couture Fall 2019

   By Patternbank On July 12, 2019 · In Catwalks

   The Patternbank team have selected some hot picks from Fall 2019 Haute
   Couture runway shows. Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall
   2019 here.
   Viktor & Rolf Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Guo Pei’s theatrical array of eclectic costumes ranged from Renaissance
   style gowns to corseted Kimonos and from grand ecclesiastical robes to
   wide Marie Antoinette style Pannier skirts. This collection was
   cleverly connected with a neutral colour palette and were all adorned
   with intricate embellishments and structural embroideries. In stark
   contrast, colour and crafty texture were key ingredients in Viktor &
   Rolf’s Couture collection. Densely felted fabrics and patched vintage
   remnants depicted scenes and sunrises and pictorial embellished skirts
   came complete with embroidery hoops.
   Guo Pei Haute Couture Fall 2019Fendi Haute Couture Fall 2019Valentino
   Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall 2019 here.
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Horse & Hound

   By Patternbank On July 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts
   See by Chloe Fall 19 / Victoria Beckham Resort 20

This Autumn Winter 20/21 trend is a quirky play with all things equestrian
and our love of man’s best friend. Illustrative horse and dog motifs adorn
spacial conversational prints along side scenic paintings and sketched
monochromatic images.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   Stella McCartney Resort 2020 / Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood
   SS19

SPACIAL CONVERSATIONAL / HORSE & HOUND MOTIFS / SILHOUETTE PATTERN /
MONOCHROME SKETCHES / GALLOPING HORSES / SCENIC PLACEMENTS / QUIRKY DOG
PRINTS / DETAILED PAINTINGS / ILLUSTRATIVE PLACEMENTS

   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood SS19 / Alejandra Alonso Rojas
   Fall 2019Burberry London Pre Fall19
   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Summer Sale 2019 / 20% OFF / 8–14 July 2019

   By Patternbank On July 8, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   Our 2019 Summer Sale is on until 14 July with a 20% saving on
   everything on our site. This includes all Standard, Extended and
   Premium Designs. Use code SUMMER19 at checkout.

   Don’t forget to check out our new Trends area on the site for fresh
   ideas on trends and prints for the new season. Below are a selection of
   trends for Spring/Summer 2020 – view the trends for free in more detail
   here.

   Featured Design: Tropical Pattern on Dark Background With Palm Leaves
   Filled With Tropical Hibiscus Flowers by SUPERNOVA
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New Designers Week 1 – Textile & Surface Pattern Graduate Highlights 2019

   By Patternbank On July 4, 2019 · In Featured, Print + Pattern

Patternbank brings you a snapshot of the strongest print designers seen at
the recent  New Designers Graduate show.

The Patternbank team once again had the privilege of experiencing this years
emerging talent at the New Designers Graduate show.  New Designers is the
UK’s most important graduate design exhibition, full of innovation and fresh
thinking. Week 1 of the graduate show focused on Textiles and surface pattern
design courses and was the ultimate event to spot the next wave of creative
talent to hit the industry. New Designers Week 2 is showing until this Sunday
if you are in London.

Lousie Powers – @lousurfacepattern

   © 2019 Louise Powers© 2019 Louise Powers

Leeds Art University
     __________________________________________________________________

Amber Sorayapour – @ambersorayapour

   © 2019 Amber SorayapourMore →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – New Romantics

   By Patternbank On June 26, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Translucent coloured florals with a romantic touch are key to this trend.
Faded vintage rose prints and ice cool colours give a fresh new look.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

VINTAGE ROSE / TRANSLUCENT COLOUR / FADED PINKS / PASTEL FLORALS / DIGITAL
AND WATERCOLOURS MIXES / SPACED LAYOUTS / MODERN ROMANCE / LAYERED TEXTURE /
GREYED BACKGROUNDS

DUSKY REFLECTIONS / AGED PRINTS / DELICATE LAYERS / VINTAGE FLORAL
ARRANGEMENTS / HAND PAINTED FLORALS / ICE COOL PALETTE / PRETTY ROMANTIC

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Swimwear Micro Print & Pattern Trends – Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On June 4, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Explore five Swimwear focused print and pattern trends for Spring/Summer
2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES

Skin Deep

Animal prints and skins are a key direction for swimwear this Season. Here,
bold mixes of abstract skins and vibrant markings drive this summer trend.
     __________________________________________________________________

Tropical Brush

Tropical flowers and leaves are applied using arty brush paints to this
swimwear trend. Abstract marks and fast brush movements are drawn in vivid
colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

Retro Bloom

Drawing inspiration from the 60s & 70s florals used in vintage sun-loungers.
In this trend florals get a modern revamp with varied scale and an injection
of retro colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     __________________________________________________________________

Birds of a Feather

Feathered plumes in exotic colours are placed for maximum interest in this
dynamic summer trend. A psychedelic twist adds dimension and detailed
interest.
     __________________________________________________________________

On Safari

Safari themed prints and African wax jungle themes are key in this swimwear
trend for Spring / Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Bird Life

   By Patternbank On May 22, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Spring/Summer 2020 is full of tropical gardens where exotic birds display
their brightly coloured plumes amongst the dense foliage.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

EXOTIC BIRDLIFE / PARROTS, COCKATOOS, TOUCANS, FLAMINGOES AND HUMMING BIRDS /
TROPICAL BACKGROUNDS / VIBRANT PLUMES / INTENSE COLOUR / JUNGLE LEAVES /
TROPICAL FLOWERS / HAND PAINTED / WATERCOLOUR BIRDS

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Solid Graffiti

   By Patternbank On May 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Taking inspiration from the world of graffiti, Spring/Summer 2020 takes on a
solid graphic feel in this bold, vibrant print trend.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

GRAPHIC FLOWER / SPRAY PAINT EFFECTS / SOLID COLOUR / BOLD OUTLINE / GRAFFITI
SCRAWLS / CRAYON DRAWINGS / PAINT DRIPS / SPLASHY MARKS / GRAFFITI LETTERS /
BOLD GRAPHICS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Fruity

   By Patternbank On May 2, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Colourful fruity mixtures and fruit segments create fun tropical prints for
Spring/Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

JUICY FRUITS / CHERRIES, STRAWBERRIES, POMEGRANATES, ORANGES, LEMONS,
AVOCADOS, MANGOES, PEACHES & KIWI FRUITS / FRUIT SEGMENTS / SCATTERED REPEATS
/ SUMMER EXOTICS

COLOURFUL ARRANGEMENTS / FRUITY MIXTURES / ZESTY FRUIT PLAYS / FRUIT SALAD /
FRUIT TREES / SMALL SCALE PATTERN / VIBRANT TROPICAL FRUITS / INTERNAL FRUIT
STRUCTURES

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – African Clash

   By Patternbank On April 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Stylised florals and bold African patterns clash in bright colour combos for
this vibrant Spring/Summer 2020 story.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

BOLD TROPICAL FLORAL / COMPLEX GEO / VIBRANT FOLIAGE / AFRICAN SUMMER GEOS /
CLASHING PATTERN / COLOURFUL STRIPE PATTERNS

STYLISED ETHNIC / DIAMOND AND ZIG-ZAG STRIPES / CHAOTIC GEOMETRY / VIBRANT
AFRICAN PRINTS / STYLISED AFRICAN FLOWERS / AFRICAN GEO TROPICALS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Orient Express

   By Patternbank On April 16, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Spring/Summer 2020 heads east, exotic birds adorn blossom prints and mystical
dragons decorate beautiful fabrics.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

EXOTIC BIRD PRINTS / DECORATIVE FLORALS / ELABORATE FLOWER HEADS / TREE
BLOSSOM / DELICATE PEONIES / DRAGON TATTOO PRINTS / ORCHIDS / STYLISED FLOWER
PATTERNS

TREE AND BRANCH PLACEMENT PRINTS / ELABORATE BORDERS / DARK GROUNDS /
TRAILING FLORALS / CHINOISERIE / KIMONO STYLES / CHINESE ORNAMENT / ORIENTAL
SCENES

Shop The Trend Story

   EXPLORE MORE SPRING/SUMMER 2020 TRENDS
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Christian Dior at the V&A Museum – Designer of Dreams

   By Patternbank On April 5, 2019 · In Inspiration
     *

   Whether the opulent gowns of Christian Dior are you usual cup of tea or
   not, if you have a passion for fashion or just a love of textiles, you
   will be wowed by the V&A‘s current exhibition. If you’re lucky enough
   to snatch a ticket that is! Currently sold out, with only a handful of
   “first come first served” tickets available on the day, the
   exhibition’s popularity has lead to an extension until 1st September.
   If that’s all too much like hard work, we’ve taken a few shots for you
   to enjoy!
     *
     *

     *

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

   1 of 6123456Next →

     *
     * Instagram post 2145855722662343908_40142918 Paris Fashion week SS20
       has come to a close, so check out our print & pattern highlights on
       the studio. Link in Bio or visit Patternbank.com All SS20 fashion
       weeks covered so loads of beautiful pattern focused collections to
       view. #parisfashionweek #ss2020 #rtw #springsummer2020 #pfw
       #patternbank #patterndesign #textiles #textilestudio
       #surfacespatterns Paris Fashion week SS20 has come to a close, so
       check out our print & pattern highlights on the studio. Link in Bio
       or visit Patternbank.com All SS20 fashion weeks covered so loads of
       beautiful pattern focused collections to view. #parisfashionweek
       #ss2020 #rtw #springsummer2020 #pfw #patternbank #patterndesign
       #textiles #textilestudio #surfacespatterns
       Instagram post 2141366958229113045_40142918 Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio
       Instagram post 2141429802778091969_40142918 Our Paris SS20 Catwalk
       Print and Pattern Highlights are live on the studio. Highlights
       include Dries Van Notens saturated florals with bold animal mixes,
       Christian Diors wild meadow embroideries and placement prints and
       Saint Laurents opulent floral and paisley romantic dresses. Check
       out the link in bio for the complete catwalk coverage or visit
       patternbank.com #ss20 #paris #catwalk #runway #fashion #womenswear
       Our Paris SS20 Catwalk Print and Pattern Highlights are live on the
       studio. Highlights include Dries Van Notens saturated florals with
       bold animal mixes, Christian Diors wild meadow embroideries and
       placement prints and Saint Laurents opulent floral and paisley
       romantic dresses. Check out the link in bio for the complete
       catwalk coverage or visit patternbank.com #ss20 #paris #catwalk
       #runway #fashion #womenswear
       Instagram post 2130496931112538970_40142918 New Autumn/Winter
       2020/21 Print Trend ’Jungle Warrior’ is now live on our site. Check
       the link in our bio. Jungle camouflage covers in rich tonal colours
       bring a tropical vibe for this Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged
       flower heads and textured leaf patterns play alongside more formal
       layouts. Shop the prints on the Patternbank studio! #pattern
       #patterntrends #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #20/21 #textiledesign
       #surfacepattern #falltrends2020 #activewear #tropical #jungleprints
       #2021 #patternbank New Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print Trend ’Jungle
       Warrior’ is now live on our site. Check the link in our bio. Jungle
       camouflage covers in rich tonal colours bring a tropical vibe for
       this Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged flower heads and textured
       leaf patterns play alongside more formal layouts. Shop the prints
       on the Patternbank studio! #pattern #patterntrends
       #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #20/21 #textiledesign #surfacepattern
       #falltrends2020 #activewear #tropical #jungleprints #2021
       #patternbank
       Instagram post 2120352350454757909_40142918 Laces, chintz,
       tropicals, find your perfect pattern for the season at Artifactory
       Studios. Exclusively available on our @patternbank shop, link in
       bio. . . . #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #chintz #laceprint #pastelprints #printtrends
       #wgsn #printsforsale #premiumprints #newonpatternbank #patternbank
       #ss20 #graphicdesign #floralprints #vintageprints #vintageprints
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #patternobserver #seasonal
       #limitededition #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #Repost @artifactorystudios Laces, chintz,
       tropicals, find your perfect pattern for the season at Artifactory
       Studios. Exclusively available on our @patternbank shop, link in
       bio. . . . #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #chintz #laceprint #pastelprints #printtrends
       #wgsn #printsforsale #premiumprints #newonpatternbank #patternbank
       #ss20 #graphicdesign #floralprints #vintageprints #vintageprints
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #patternobserver #seasonal
       #limitededition #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #Repost @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2141364104206811045_40142918 Shop Teti Kartasheva’s
       amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ New on
       @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern #printinspiration
       #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator  #wallpaperdecor
       #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank  #illustrationoftheday
       #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators #illustrationartist
       #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign #illustrationnow
       #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator #textiledesign
       #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco #illustratorcc
       #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost @kartasheva_illustration
       Shop Teti Kartasheva’s amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in
       bio ・・・ New on @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern
       #printinspiration #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator
       #wallpaperdecor #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank
       #illustrationoftheday #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators
       #illustrationartist #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign
       #illustrationnow #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator
       #textiledesign #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco
       #illustratorcc #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost
       @kartasheva_illustration
       Instagram post 2124150465247010640_40142918 Vintage Flowers by Flor
       Pinochi. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Floral Print para
       @patternbank ✨ . . . . . #print #patternlove #pattern #floralprints
       #flowerpower #colourpalette #sweetie #designstudio #printstudio
       #patternator #patternbankdesigner #patternbank #patternity
       #patternobserver #illustrations #floralillustration #patternaday
       #patternoftheday #patterdesignersclub #Repost @flor.pinochi.prints
       Vintage Flowers by Flor Pinochi. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio
       ・・・ Floral Print para @patternbank ✨ . . . . . #print #patternlove
       #pattern #floralprints #flowerpower #colourpalette #sweetie
       #designstudio #printstudio #patternator #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank #patternity #patternobserver #illustrations
       #floralillustration #patternaday #patternoftheday
       #patterdesignersclub #Repost @flor.pinochi.prints
       Instagram post 2124876745525348365_40142918 Coral Watercolour
       Butterflies by Kashmira Baheti. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・
       Flowers and butterflies-Nature’s best creations! Enjoyed relaxed
       painting 😊 #floralprint #butterflyprint #butterflies
       #artforartssake #freelancedesigner #artistsoninstagram
       #patterndesign #surfacedesign #designstudio #coralcolor
       #watercolourpainting #surfacepatterndesign #patternbank #Repost
       @kashmirabaheti Coral Watercolour Butterflies by Kashmira Baheti.
       Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Flowers and
       butterflies-Nature’s best creations! Enjoyed relaxed painting 😊
       #floralprint #butterflyprint #butterflies #artforartssake
       #freelancedesigner #artistsoninstagram #patterndesign
       #surfacedesign #designstudio #coralcolor #watercolourpainting
       #surfacepatterndesign #patternbank #Repost @kashmirabaheti
       Instagram post 2136331270580739217_40142918 Discover Artifactory
       Studios beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . Still in
       conversation with these details! Cant wait to start editing these
       for our print shop! Link in bio! . . . . #patternbank #comingsoon
       #printdesigner #patternobserver #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner
       #printsforsale #watercolors #printmaking #gouache #textiledesign
       #textileprints #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints
       #graphicdesign #floralprints #botanicalillustration #wgsn
       #printtrends #handpainted #illustration #artistsoninstagram
       #artwork #handmadewithlove #springsummer2020 #autumnwinter2020
       #promostyle #freshflorals #wallpapertrends @artifactorystudios
       Discover Artifactory Studios beautiful prints @patternbank → Link
       in bio . Still in conversation with these details! Cant wait to
       start editing these for our print shop! Link in bio! . . . .
       #patternbank #comingsoon #printdesigner #patternobserver
       #patternmaker #patternbankdesigner #printsforsale #watercolors
       #printmaking #gouache #textiledesign #textileprints
       #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints #graphicdesign
       #floralprints #botanicalillustration #wgsn #printtrends
       #handpainted #illustration #artistsoninstagram #artwork
       #handmadewithlove #springsummer2020 #autumnwinter2020 #promostyle
       #freshflorals #wallpapertrends @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2125564587465477206_40142918 Pumpkin Salad by
       Alejandra Zapata. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . My Pumpkin
       Salad pattern is #newonpatternbank and it's available in different
       license options! Perfect for Autumn prints! You'll find the link to
       #patternbankstudio in my bio 😊👆🏻Hope you all started September
       really good! #patterndesign #surfacedesign #pumpkinsalad
       #pumpkinpattern #newpattern #surfacepatterndesign
       #surfacepatterndesigner #prints #texturepattern #autumncolors
       #pumpkins #orangepattern #patternbank • @myloshome Pumpkin Salad by
       Alejandra Zapata. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . My Pumpkin
       Salad pattern is #newonpatternbank and it's available in different
       license options! Perfect for Autumn prints! You'll find the link to
       #patternbankstudio in my bio 😊👆🏻Hope you all started September
       really good! #patterndesign #surfacedesign #pumpkinsalad
       #pumpkinpattern #newpattern #surfacepatterndesign
       #surfacepatterndesigner #prints #texturepattern #autumncolors
       #pumpkins #orangepattern #patternbank • @myloshome
       Instagram post 2126238490240174316_40142918 Banana by Nadya
       Vorobyova. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Watercolor pattern
       #vorobyovanadya @nadejda_vorobyova Banana by Nadya Vorobyova. Shop
       @patternbank → Link in bio . Watercolor pattern #vorobyovanadya
       @nadejda_vorobyova
       Instagram post 2129054621065727250_40142918 Orchid Bloom | Lilac
       Pink | Activewear by Lotta Lorier. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio
       . Now that summer is coming to an end I must do something with ALL
       those photos of flowers I took like this Orchid Bloom print that’s
       available at Patternbank.. don’t you just love this cute little
       mock-up 💕.. #floralprint #orchidprint #textileprint #tropical
       #botanicalprint #textiledesign #womenswear #patternbank •
       @lottalorier Orchid Bloom | Lilac Pink | Activewear by Lotta
       Lorier. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Now that summer is coming
       to an end I must do something with ALL those photos of flowers I
       took like this Orchid Bloom print that’s available at Patternbank..
       don’t you just love this cute little mock-up 💕.. #floralprint
       #orchidprint #textileprint #tropical #botanicalprint #textiledesign
       #womenswear #patternbank • @lottalorier
       Instagram post 2135024248086232228_40142918 New London SS20 catwalk
       print & pattern highlights on the studio. Updates include Erdem,
       Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan, Victoria Beckham, Temperley
       London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn & Preen by Thornton
       Bregazzi. Link in bio or visit the Patternbank website. #lfw
       #londonfashionweek #springsummer2020 #rtw #catwalkshow
       #patterndesign #pattern #trends #spring2020 #preen #temperlylondon
       #richardquinn #erdem #victoriabeckham #houseofholland #ports1961
       New London SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights on the studio.
       Updates include Erdem, Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan,
       Victoria Beckham, Temperley London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn
       & Preen by Thornton Bregazzi. Link in bio or visit the Patternbank
       website. #lfw #londonfashionweek #springsummer2020 #rtw
       #catwalkshow #patterndesign #pattern #trends #spring2020 #preen
       #temperlylondon #richardquinn #erdem #victoriabeckham
       #houseofholland #ports1961
       Instagram post 2129077071203637023_40142918 Discover Artifactory
       Studios’s beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . Freshly
       baked patterns from the oven! ❤ . . #comingsoon on @patternbank
       shop. . . . . . #handpainted #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios
       #artistsoninstagram #printsforsale #patternbankdesigner #indigo
       #gouache #textiledesign #textileprints #wallpaperprints
       #textileprintdesign #fashionprints #printmaker #art #blockprint
       #handmadewithlove #pause #stopandstare #slowliving
       #qualityovereverything #watercolors #dalerrowney •
       @artifactorystudios Discover Artifactory Studios’s beautiful prints
       @patternbank → Link in bio . Freshly baked patterns from the oven!
       ❤ . . #comingsoon on @patternbank shop. . . . . . #handpainted
       #printdesignstudio #artifactorystudios #artistsoninstagram
       #printsforsale #patternbankdesigner #indigo #gouache #textiledesign
       #textileprints #wallpaperprints #textileprintdesign #fashionprints
       #printmaker #art #blockprint #handmadewithlove #pause #stopandstare
       #slowliving #qualityovereverything #watercolors #dalerrowney •
       @artifactorystudios
       Instagram post 2129086338283570670_40142918 Tropical by Flor
       Pinochi. Buy now @patternbank → Link in bio . Tropical Flowers 🌿
       for @patternbank . . . . . . . #pattern #surfacedesign
       #surfacepatterndesign #printstudio #print #flowers #tropicalpattern
       #tropical #design #tropicalinspiration #colourpalette #palm
       #illustration #leaves #floral #floralprints #textileprint
       #textiledesign #textilepattern #florpinochiprints
       #patterdesignersclub #patternobserver #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank • @flor.pinochi.prints Tropical by Flor Pinochi. Buy
       now @patternbank → Link in bio . Tropical Flowers 🌿 for
       @patternbank . . . . . . . #pattern #surfacedesign
       #surfacepatterndesign #printstudio #print #flowers #tropicalpattern
       #tropical #design #tropicalinspiration #colourpalette #palm
       #illustration #leaves #floral #floralprints #textileprint
       #textiledesign #textilepattern #florpinochiprints
       #patterdesignersclub #patternobserver #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbank • @flor.pinochi.prints
       Instagram post 2129225292647242542_40142918 Check out our New York
       Fashion Week Print & Pattern highlights on the studio. Key
       Spring/Summer 2020 print shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla
       Johnson, Prabal Gurung, Nicole Miller & Staud. More shows added
       daily! Our catwalk team will be curating the strongest Print &
       Pattern runway shows. Link in bio #nyfw #newyorkfashionweek
       #nyfwrunway #springsummer2020 #spring2020 #runway #prints
       #patterndesign #surfacespatterns #textiledesign #newyork
       #fashionweek #trends Check out our New York Fashion Week Print &
       Pattern highlights on the studio. Key Spring/Summer 2020 print
       shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla Johnson, Prabal Gurung,
       Nicole Miller & Staud. More shows added daily! Our catwalk team
       will be curating the strongest Print & Pattern runway shows. Link
       in bio #nyfw #newyorkfashionweek #nyfwrunway #springsummer2020
       #spring2020 #runway #prints #patterndesign #surfacespatterns
       #textiledesign #newyork #fashionweek #trends
       Instagram post 2130559966149845669_40142918 Shop Vita’s beautiful
       prints @patternbank → Link in bio . 👩🏻‍🎨 Этот принт создал у меня
       рекорд по количеству цветовых решений, вышло 55 вариантов, не могла
       остановиться, это как медитация )) 🧘🏻‍♀️ и в разных случаях -
       воспринимается мной в разной стилистике, где- то это гранж с его
       эффектом потертости, где- то прослеживается подобие техники
       Джексона Поллока, где- то это неоновые эффекты .... бесконечность и
       в поиске .... ♾ #printabstract #artprint #patterndesign #surface
       #surfacedesigner #patternbankstudio #patternbank #patternforsale
       #textilpattern #printpattern #wallpaper #wallpaperdesign
       #artvitadaneva #abstracttattoodesign @vita.daneva Shop Vita’s
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio . 👩🏻‍🎨 Этот принт
       создал у меня рекорд по количеству цветовых решений, вышло 55
       вариантов, не могла остановиться, это как медитация )) 🧘🏻‍♀️ и в
       разных случаях - воспринимается мной в разной стилистике, где- то
       это гранж с его эффектом потертости, где- то прослеживается подобие
       техники Джексона Поллока, где- то это неоновые эффекты ....
       бесконечность и в поиске .... ♾ #printabstract #artprint
       #patterndesign #surface #surfacedesigner #patternbankstudio
       #patternbank #patternforsale #textilpattern #printpattern
       #wallpaper #wallpaperdesign #artvitadaneva #abstracttattoodesign
       @vita.daneva
       Instagram post 2144924624193267756_40142918 We're kicking off
       October with a massive 20% off 3 day flash sale. The sale runs from
       1–3 October 2019 and includes all Standard, Extended and Premium
       Designs. Use code FLASH20 at checkout #flashsale #patternbank
       #flash20 We're kicking off October with a massive 20% off 3 day
       flash sale. The sale runs from 1–3 October 2019 and includes all
       Standard, Extended and Premium Designs. Use code FLASH20 at
       checkout #flashsale #patternbank #flash20
       Instagram post 2130622933356627659_40142918 Minute Details - Naive
       Ditsy Floral by Lucie Cooke. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio .
       Hello! I’m still here! Life has pulled priority over Instagram
       recently, hey ho. Here is a pattern I uploaded to @patternbank a
       few weeks ago, a hand drawn ditsy for the SS20 trend Minute Details
       with a pallet that would carry through to trans AW.
       #newonpatternbank #patternbank #patternbankdesigner #ss20
       #minutedetails #ss20trend #patterndesign #printandpattern
       #surfacepattern #surfacepatterndesigner #textiledesign
       #textiledesigner @luciecookedesign Minute Details - Naive Ditsy
       Floral by Lucie Cooke. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio . Hello! I’m
       still here! Life has pulled priority over Instagram recently, hey
       ho. Here is a pattern I uploaded to @patternbank a few weeks ago, a
       hand drawn ditsy for the SS20 trend Minute Details with a pallet
       that would carry through to trans AW. #newonpatternbank
       #patternbank #patternbankdesigner #ss20 #minutedetails #ss20trend
       #patterndesign #printandpattern #surfacepattern
       #surfacepatterndesigner #textiledesign #textiledesigner
       @luciecookedesign
       Instagram post 2130633157266189366_40142918 New NYFW SS20 catwalk
       print & pattern highlights added. Updates include Anna Sui,
       Carolina Herrera, Coach 1941 & Oscar De La Renta. Visit
       patternbank.com to review our latest top pattern collections from
       the New York Fashion Week. #springsummer2020 #newyorkfashionweek
       #newyorkfashionweek2019 #nyfw #nyfw2019 #runway #runwayshow #prints
       #patterndesign #patternbank #textiles #textiledesign #textilestudio
       #springsummer2020 #ss2020 New NYFW SS20 catwalk print & pattern
       highlights added. Updates include Anna Sui, Carolina Herrera, Coach
       1941 & Oscar De La Renta. Visit patternbank.com to review our
       latest top pattern collections from the New York Fashion Week.
       #springsummer2020 #newyorkfashionweek #newyorkfashionweek2019 #nyfw
       #nyfw2019 #runway #runwayshow #prints #patterndesign #patternbank
       #textiles #textiledesign #textilestudio #springsummer2020 #ss2020
       Follow Patternbank on Instagram
     * Close and accept
       Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use
       this website, you agree to their use.
       To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
       Cookie Policy

     * This blog claims no credit for any images posted on this site
       unless otherwise noted and are copyright to its respectful owners.
       If there is an image on this blog that belongs to you and do not
       wish for it appear on this site, please email hello@patternbank.com
       and it will be removed.
     * © 2019 Patternbank Ltd. All rights reserved
